80032 3/11/2011 3/13/2011

Shaw Issues Statement on Events in Japan
2011-03-13 22:00:05 UTC
BATON ROUGE, La.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 13, 2011--
The Shaw Group Inc. (NYSE: SHAW) issued the following statement regarding the recent events in Japan:
"On behalf of all Shaw employees around the world, I give our deepest sympathy to the people of Japan. This is an extraordinary tragedy, and we can only imagine how painful and challenging this time is for everyone in the country," said J.M. Bernhard Jr., Shaw's chairman, president and chief executive officer.
"To aid in the humanitarian efforts, Shaw has made a significant contribution to the American Red Cross, and I personally have directed all of our employees, including our team of nuclear experts, to stand ready to provide any assistance and support that we can to the government and people of Japan in responding to this terrible event.
"While it is premature to speculate on any impact the events in Japan may have on the U.S. nuclear industry, we continue to believe in the importance of nuclear energy and the role it will play in the future of our country, as well as the rest of the world. The new generation technology under construction today has been designed with greater safety systems in place that will even more effectively address the challenges we are seeing in Japan. The industry consistently incorporates operating experience and lessons learned and will continue to use those insights to make nuclear energy even safer.
"At this time, we do not believe there will be an impact on Shaw's nuclear projects currently under construction in the United States and China. Our customers have indicated they intend to move forward, and we believe the construction timelines will continue as planned," said Mr. Bernhard.


80032 3/11/2011 3/22/2011 
Shaw to Assist Toshiba in Providing Support Services at Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant
2011-03-22 12:00:08 UTC
BATON ROUGE, La.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 22, 2011--
In response to the tragic events in Japan, The Shaw Group Inc. (NYSE: SHAW) will assist Toshiba Corporation in providing support services for the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station in Japan.
As an extension of the relationship the two companies have shared since 2006, Shaw will assist Toshiba with mitigation, remediation and recovery services at the plant. A team of experts from Shaw's Power and Environmental & Infrastructure Groups has mobilized to provide services both on the ground in Japan, as well as engineering, analysis, assessment and design from the U.S.
"The people of Japan have experienced an extraordinary tragedy. It is our hope that Shaw's nuclear, remediation and emergency response expertise will assist in bringing prompt resolution and relief to the situation at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power station," said J.M. Bernhard Jr., Shaw's chairman, president and chief executive officer. "Our relationship with Toshiba spans the globe. We are ready to help our partners and friends in their response to the events that resulted from this unprecedented natural disaster."
Shaw has extensive experience in nuclear, environmental and natural disaster services. In the aftermath of some of the largest disasters in recent history, Shaw rapidly and effectively mobilized its workforce to provide support following the events at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl nuclear power plants, hurricanes Katrina, Rita and Wilma and earthquakes in Haiti, Northridge, Calif., and Sumatra.


18091 3/11/2011 3/15/2011 
Curtiss-Wright Issues Statement on Its Nuclear Power Generation Business Following Recent Events in Japan
2011-03-15 20:52:50 UTC
Curtiss-Wright Issues Statement on Its Nuclear Power Generation Business Following Recent Events in Japan
PARSIPPANY, N.J., March 15, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) today issued the following statement regarding its nuclear power generation business in light of the recent earthquake and tsunami in Japan and the ensuing damage to the Fukushima reactors:
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the people of Japan in the face of this extraordinary natural disaster and the inconceivable hardships they are enduring," said Martin R. Benante, CEO and Chairman of Curtiss-Wright Corporation. "While we don't have any plant control equipment at the affected plants, with our long experience and acquired knowledge of the nuclear power generation market, we have been and will continue to work with U.S. and international nuclear regulatory agencies to provide information and assistance to Japan in any way that we can. We would anticipate that the lessons learned from this event will be incorporated into the design and operation of future nuclear power plants worldwide."
Mr. Benante continued, "According to some of the larger reactor designers and construction firms in the nuclear industry, the events in Japan are not expected to have any immediate impact on new nuclear projects currently under construction in the U.S. and China, two key markets for Curtiss-Wright where we are currently manufacturing reactor coolant pumps for Generation III+ commercial nuclear power plants. Throughout our history, we have developed numerous advanced technologies for the global nuclear market and we are proud to be a significant equipment supplier in building the safest and most advanced nuclear power plants in the world. Nuclear energy has been and will continue to be a key element in meeting the world's energy needs."
For over 50 years, Curtiss-Wright has been serving the nuclear power market, including the first U.S. nuclear power plant built at Shippingport, PA, and the first nuclear submarine for the U.S. Navy. Over the years, we have positioned the company to be a leader in critical nuclear technologies through investment in advanced product design and development.


24010 3/11/2011 3/14/2011 
Entergy Statement Regarding Recent Events in Japan
2011-03-14 20:36:14 UTC
NEW ORLEANS, March 14, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Entergy Corporation (NYSE: ETR) and its employees express their deepest sympathies to the people of Japan during this difficult time. Entergy's nuclear employees are closely monitoring the situation in coordination with the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the Nuclear Energy Institute, the Institute of Nuclear Power Operations and industry peers. Working through NEI, we have offered our support and assistance to the Japanese nuclear industry.
Entergy's nuclear plants were designed and built to withstand the effects of natural disasters, including earthquakes and catastrophic flooding. The NRC requires that safety-significant structures, systems and components be designed to take into account the most severe natural phenomena historically reported for each site and surrounding area. In determining the appropriate standards, the NRC includes an added safety margin to ensure that the standards take into account the risk that a future event, such as an earthquake or flooding, could be more severe than any recorded historical event. Systems are designed with multiple contingent backup systems to provide greater safety margins.
In addition to stringent design and construction standards, Entergy and other nuclear operators conduct ongoing programs to ensure plant safety. These programs, which are closely monitored and evaluated by the NRC, include:
-- Ongoing risk analysis and design enhancements to address natural and man-made risks. -- Extensive operator training in preparation for extreme conditions, along with drills and evaluations by the NRC. -- The development and implementation of emergency response plans aimed at protecting public health and safety (such as those put in place following Hurricane Katrina); these plans are regularly exercised in cooperation with local, state and federal agencies.
There will be lessons learned from this tragic event. Incorporating those lessons into operating experience is a hallmark of the global nuclear industry. It is worth noting that the natural environment surrounding the nuclear plants in Japan is very different from the environment surrounding Entergy's nuclear plants. According to information provided to us by NEI, and generally common knowledge in the scientific community, Japan is more susceptible to frequent and intense earthquakes than other developed countries. While it is still early, it appears that the nuclear units' safety systems functioned properly after the initial effects of the earthquake in Japan. Reports suggest it was the overwhelming tsunami that severely damaged the plant's cooling capabilities and recovery efforts.
Risk management is an ongoing practice at Entergy, including mitigating environmental, security, safety and mechanical risks, to name a few. The company understands and appreciates that these forces, natural and man-made, require constant vigilance and preparation for the unexpected. Accordingly, the company will continue to monitor closely the situation in Japan, and lessons will be learned and translated to even greater safety and effectiveness to meet the challenges of the most adverse and unexpected events, creating stronger public confidence in U.S. nuclear programs.
More information on the nuclear industry and events in Japan can be found at www.nei.org.


15720 3/11/2011 3/11/2011
Southern California Edison's San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station Operating Safely Following Tsunami Advisories
2011-03-11 20:51:03 UTC
ROSEMEAD, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 11, 2011--
Southern California Edison's (SCE) San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station is operating safely following a tsunami advisory issued early this morning for the Orange County coastline by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. SCE's operations system-wide continue to function, and there have been no reports of any unusual activity.
The tsunami advisory came following an 8.9 magnitude earthquake that struck Japan Thursday. The National Weather Service reports the tsunami could send waves one to three feet high along the West Coast today.
The San Onofre Generating Station has not reported any unusual activity. All operations continue normally. The plant's protective measures include a reinforced wall 30 feet above sea level.
As a precautionary measure, SCE personnel have been placed on standby in coastal areas that may be affected. Additional personnel will be dispatched to any areas if needed.
SCE also wants to reinforce safety warnings to customers. In the event of any power outages and power lines are on the ground, do not touch them. Stay away and call 911 immediately.


57904 3/11/2011 3/11/2011
Aflac Pledges 100 Million Yen to Red Cross Disaster Relief for Japan
2011-03-11 14:59:20 UTC
COLUMBUS, Ga., March 11, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Aflac has pledged 100 million yen to the International Red Cross to assist with their disaster relief efforts in Japan. Aflac is the largest insurer in Japan based on policies in force.
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the Japanese people during this very difficult time," Aflac Chairman and CEO Dan Amos said. "We stand ready to assist in the healing process and are pledging these funds to ensure that basic needs are cared for during this crisis."
Aflac will work with the International Red Cross to expedite this contribution.


57904 3/11/2011 3/14/2011 
Aflac Japan Corporate Offices Fully Operational, Employees Sustained No Injuries, Expected Impact on Japan Sales Minimal; Aflac Incorporated Affirms 2011 Operating EPS Target
2011-03-14 12:00:44 UTC
COLUMBUS, Ga., March 14, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Aflac Incorporated today announced that its operations in Japan are up and running and ready to assist policyholders following the recent earthquake in the Tohoku area, which includes the cities of Sendai and Minami Sanriku. Aflac Japan's main offices, including the corporate offices in Tokyo and operational centers in both Tokyo and Osaka, are undamaged and fully functional.
Aflac Japan's employees are safe, and the company continues to reach out to their independent sales force to assess their needs. The Aflac leadership teams from both the U.S. and Japan remain in close contact.
While the hardest-hit areas were Iwate, Miyagi and Fukushima prefectures, less than 5% of Aflac Japan's new sales and in-force premiums are derived from these prefectures. Only two of Aflac Japan's 82 sales offices have been negatively impacted; these two offices, located in a single building in Sendai, have minimal damage, but will be closed temporarily due to power outages.
About this natural disaster, Aflac Japan President and Chief Operating Officer Tohru Tonoike commented: "First and foremost, our thoughts go out to all those affected here in Japan. We are very grateful none of our employees were injured. We are working with our sales force to ensure that we provide them with assistance and help them take care of our customers. We remain ready to respond to the needs of our policyholders by paying claims swiftly, and will prioritize our response to those in the affected areas. We successfully executed our disaster preparedness plan and as a result, our operations stand ready to serve our policyholders and claimants."
Aflac Incorporated Chairman and CEO Daniel P. Amos added: "In addition to sending our thoughts and prayers to each and every Japanese citizen, we want all of our Aflac Japan employees, sales agents and policyholders to know that your Aflac family here in the U.S. sends our support in every way possible. On Friday, we made an initial donation of 100 million yen to the International Red Cross to help with the start of the relief effort. Additionally, funds have been established by both our U.S. and Japanese employees and sales forces for our friends in Japan, including fellow employees and sales associates that have been most impacted by the disaster. Most importantly, we want our policyholders to know that we are here to deliver on our promise -- we will be there when they need us most. Having operated in Japan for almost four decades, we know Japanese citizens are incredibly resilient and we want to help in any way possible as they work through this difficult time.
"As we look to the remainder of 2011, we expect Aflac Japan sales will only be minimally impacted by these events. Our earnings guidance for the year remains unchanged: we will likely be at the low end of the 8% to 12% range for operating earnings per diluted share growth in 2011, excluding the impact of currency."


21776 3/11/2011 3/14/2011 
Exelon Statement on Japan Disaster
2011-03-14 19:28:03 UTC
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 14, 2011--
Exelon is closely monitoring the situation in Japan as it continues to unfold. While there is still a great deal we don't know, from all information the company received so far, it appears that the damage to the Japanese plants was primarily related to the tsunami, not the earthquake.
Exelon Chairman and CEO John Rowe said, "The earthquake and tsunami in Japan are a national tragedy. The events at the Fukushima power plants are a source of grave concern. At Exelon, we are following the tireless efforts of the employees of the Tokyo Electric Power Company as closely as we can; our hearts are with these dedicated people. Meanwhile, we continue to learn all we can about these events.
"Our plants are safe, particularly given the different seismic patterns in our regions and the absence of tsunami-type events where we have operations. Still we watch, we learn, and we will work with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and other policymakers, as well as industry colleagues, on what, if anything, should be done to apply what can be learned from this unprecedented situation," said Rowe.
All of Exelon's nuclear facilities are designed to American seismic and flood standards, reflecting their local geography. Exelon's nuclear plants are equipped with numerous and redundant safety systems designed to protect them against earthquakes, flooding and other natural disasters.
"Our plants are operating safely, and our plant neighbors are safe," said Rowe.
For information on what is occurring in Japan, visit the Nuclear Energy Institute's website: www.nei.org. This website is updated regularly and provides links to numerous other information sources.


21776 3/11/2011 3/16/2011 

Section 8 – Other Events.
Item 8.01. Other Events.
On March 16, 2011, Exelon Corporation (Exelon) and Exelon Generation Company, LLC (Generation) released a Fact Sheet summarizing the principal features and structures in Generation’s nuclear power plants that protect those plants from extreme environmental hazards, such as earthquakes and floods and summarizing some of the training and operating procedures that enable Generation to respond effectively to such events. A copy of the Fact Sheet is attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Section 9 – Financial Statements and Exhibits.
Item 9.01. Financial Statements and Exhibits.
(d) Exhibits.
 
Exhibit No.	  	Description
99.1	  	Fact Sheet
* * * * *
This combined Form 8-K is being furnished separately by Exelon and Generation (Registrants). Information contained herein relating to any individual Registrant has been furnished by such Registrant on its own behalf. No Registrant makes any representation as to information relating to any other Registrant.
This Current Report includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that are subject to risks and uncertainties. The factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements include those discussed herein as well as those discussed in (1) Exelon’s 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K in (a) ITEM 1A. Risk Factors, (b) ITEM 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and (c) ITEM 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: Note 18; and (2) other factors discussed in filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission by the Registrants. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which apply only as of the date of this Current Report. None of the Registrants undertakes any obligation to publicly release any revision to its forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Current Report.

Fact Sheet
Exelon Plants are Well-Protected
From Floods, Earthquakes and Tsunamis
Exelon’s nuclear power plants are designed to withstand extreme environmental hazards, including floods and earthquakes.
 
The U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) requires all nuclear plants to be able to withstand the most severe natural phenomena historically reported for each plant’s geographic area out to 200 miles.
 
The NRC requires all nuclear plant designs to include a substantial margin for safety by requiring the use of conservative criteria.
 
Exelon’s nuclear plants are designed to withstand substantial earthquakes even though none of our plants is in a significant earthquake zone.
 
 Depending on the location, Exelon plants are engineered to withstand earthquakes between 6.0 and 6.9 on the Richter scale at the plant site, which translates into larger earthquakes as measured at the epicenter.
 
 All of Exelon’s plants are designed to withstand substantial ground motion in an earthquake.
 
Every U.S. nuclear power plant performs in-depth seismic analyses and the NRC regularly reviews new information on earthquake sources and ground motion models. Regulations are modified accordingly.
 
All of Exelon’s plants – even the longest serving – are able to withstand and safely shut down in very strong earthquakes.
Tsunamis are not a threat to Exelon Nuclear plants.
 
All but one of Exelon’s 10 nuclear plants are located in Illinois and Pennsylvania.
 
Our Oyster Creek plant in New Jersey on Barnegat Bay is more than 5 miles inland from the Atlantic Ocean. Tsunami events are not typical on the East Coast.
 
Barrier islands five miles away would limit the energy of a tsunami prior to reaching the closest coastline to Oyster Creek.
 
In addition, Oyster Creek is elevated 23 feet above mean sea level.
 
 The maximum recorded high tide on the Barnegat Bay beachfront more than 5 miles away is 7 feet above mean sea level (1962).
 
 Oyster Creek’s elevation is greater than the probable maximum hurricane tidal surge.
Exelon plants are hardened against floods
 
Emergency core cooling systems are protected from water incursion, including water tight doors, elevation of equipment above potential flood levels and/or special engineered flood barriers.
 
Emergency diesel generator exhausts are elevated on roofs.
 
Main fuel tanks for emergency diesels are buried underground or enclosed in buildings to prevent impact from severe environments. They cannot float away.
 
Electrical switchgear for emergency operations at the plants is protected from floods by elevating them above potential flood levels or protecting them behind watertight doors.
All U.S. nuclear plants are based on a “defense-in-depth” design, which means multiple physical barriers and multiple backup safety systems ensure safe operations even in extreme environments.
Plant foundations, structures and equipment are designed to withstand severe ground motion and flooding.
 
Exelon’s Boiling Water Reactors have multiple systems to provide water to the reactor core in an emergency. Some of these systems are divided into independent subsystems that are powered by multiple redundant power sources.In effect, all Exelon plants have six or more ways to put water into the core in an emergency.
 
Exelon nuclear plants have systems and strategies that minimize hydrogen buildup in secondary containment, which we believe was the source of explosions at Fukushima Units 1 & 3.
All Exelon Nuclear plants are able to safely shut down and keep the fuel cooled even without electricity from the grid.
 
All Exelon nuclear plant systems get electricity from at least two independent power lines in the grid that feed into two independent power transformers.
 
In an offsite power loss, safe shutdown is ensured through multiple redundant systems specifically designed to maintain electric power when electricity is lost from the grid off site.
 
 Locomotive-sized emergency backup diesel generators at plants that start automatically if offsite power is lost. Each two-reactor site has five emergency generators; each one unit site has three (except Oyster Creek, which has two diesels and two gas combustion turbine generators).
 
 Battery banks to back up the emergency diesel generators.
 
Additional high-capacity generators or special equipment that back up each unit’s emergency diesel generators and battery banks.
 If a used fuel pool were to lose water – even in significant quantities — all Exelon Nuclear sites have portable, high-capacity pumps to ensure the pools remain filled.
 
Emergency water can be drawn using multiple methods from large water sources that include tanks of at least 100,000 gallons, large pools of water designed specifically to remove heat from the reactor core, cooling water lakes that frequently cover hundreds of acres, and rivers and other water sources near the plants
 
All Exelon plants have “Severe Accident Mitigation Guidelines.” The guidelines prescribe actions beyond normal emergency operating procedures and address severe challenges to the reactor core of the kind seen in Japan.
 
These systems are constantly tested, challenged or simulated to ensure proper operation when needed.
All U.S. nuclear plants undergo frequent scenario drills to ensure the proper function of the redundant safety protocols.
 
These drills are managed and overseen by the NRC with collaboration from plant operators and other federal and local emergency agencies, including FEMA.
Beyond the physical features, Exelon plants have conservative operating procedures that place nuclear and public safety above all other factors.
 

?


21776 3/11/2011 3/24/2011 
Item 8.01. Other Events.
On March 24, 2011, Exelon Corporation (Exelon) and Exelon Generation Company, LLC (Generation) will conduct a conference call with investors to present an update on the nuclear situation in Japan and the safety of Generation’s nuclear plants. The presentation slides to be discussed during the call are attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1.
Exelon has scheduled the conference call for 9:30 AM ET (8:30 AM CT) on March 24, 2011. The call-in number in the U.S. and Canada is 800-690-3108, and the international call-in number is 973-935-8753. If requested, the conference ID number is 54423498. Media representatives are invited to participate on a listen-only basis. The call will be web-cast and archived on Exelon’s Web site: www.exeloncorp.com. (Please select the Investors page.)
Telephone replays will be available two hours after the call ends through April 7, 2011. The U.S. and Canada call-in number for replays is 800-642-1687, and the international call-in number is 706-645-9291. The conference ID number is 54423498.


43449 3/11/2011 3/14/2011
McDonald's Contributes to Disaster Relief Efforts in Japan
2011-03-14 21:16:19 UTC
McDonald's Contributes to Disaster Relief Efforts in Japan
OAK BROOK, IL -- (MARKETWIRE) -- 03/14/11 --
McDonald's Corporation (NYSE: MCD) today announced that it will contribute to the Japan disaster relief efforts with a donation of $2 million USD. The funds will be channeled through the International Federation of the Red Cross.
"The devastation in Japan has stunned and saddened the global community, and we're reaching out to help with this contribution," said Jim Skinner, McDonald's Chief Executive Officer. "We send our best to everyone affected by this disaster, including our employees and our customers."
McDonald's has 3,302 restaurants in Japan. As of this date, the vast majority of the restaurants are open; fewer than 300 remain closed due to damage or staffing issues.


85627 3/11/2011 3/17/2011 
Sonic Automotive, Inc. Discusses Import Brands
2011-03-17 12:51:31 UTC
CHARLOTTE, N.C., March 17, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Sonic Automotive, Inc. (NYSE: SAH), one of the nation's largest automotive retailers, wishes to express its sympathy to all of the families of its manufacturer partners affected by the recent natural disaster in Japan. Sonic Automotive is proud of its long history with the Japanese import brands.
Jeff Dyke, Sonic's Executive VP of Retail Operations, stated, "Our thoughts and prayers are with all those families affected by this unprecedented natural disaster."
Commenting on the impact on Sonic Automotive, "We await further news as these companies continue to evaluate the impact of these events on their supply chain and manufacturing capacity. Between inventory we have on the ground and what is available from the manufacturers, we believe we have adequate inventory based on the information that we have. Our used vehicle buying organization is prepared to supplement our new vehicle inventory with quality nearly-new used vehicles should the manufacturing disruptions interrupt new vehicle inventory supplies longer than currently anticipated. We don't expect any disruption to our business over the remainder of the first quarter and into the early second quarter."


23473 10/29/2012 11/27/2012 
Cincinnati Financial Corporation Announces Preliminary Estimate for October Storm Losses
Cincinnati, November 27, 2012 – Cincinnati Financial Corporation (Nasdaq: CINF) today announced that The Cincinnati Insurance Companies’ property casualty group expects its fourth-quarter results to include pre-tax catastrophe losses of approximately $25 million to $35 million from Superstorm Sandy, with its commercial lines insurance segment accounting for approximately two-thirds of that total. Catastrophe losses from storm damage affect property casualty insurance underwriting income, one of the sources of consolidated net income along with profits from investment operations and life insurance operations.
Approximately 60 percent of the group’s claims from Sandy occurred in the Cleveland, Ohio area and another 20 percent occurred in the state of Pennsylvania. Most of the claims stemmed from wind damage or from water damage due to drain back-ups, hydrostatic pressure or roofs that leaked after unusually heavy rain.
Steven J. Johnston, president and chief executive officer, commented, “Our hearts go out to those who lost loved ones, suffered injuries or had their lives turned upside down. Their losses are immeasurable.
“The estimate we have provided for our Sandy losses is preliminary. If we experience no additional effect from storm losses during the fourth quarter of 2012, the effect of these catastrophe losses on our combined ratio for the quarter would be approximately three times higher than our historical 10-year average of 1.1 percentage points for the fourth quarter, based on estimated property casualty earned premiums.
“The capital strength and liquidity of Cincinnati Insurance continue to benefit our independent agents and policyholders, giving us exceptional ability to absorb storm losses while providing the highest quality service for claims involving storms or other insured loss events.”


59459 10/29/2012 11/6/2012 
Travelers Commits $800,000 to Assist in Storm Sandy Relief Efforts
2012-11-06 21:30:00 UTC
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--November 06, 2012--
The Travelers Companies, Inc. (NYSE: TRV) today announced that the company will donate $800,000 to disaster relief efforts in the New York tri-state area in the aftermath of Storm Sandy.
Travelers will contribute $200,000 to each of the following organizations: the Mayor's Fund to Advance New York City, American Red Cross on Long Island, Hurricane Sandy New Jersey Relief Fund and the American Red Cross of Connecticut.
"In keeping with Travelers' tradition of supporting communities in times of need, we will make contributions to provide emergency services for victims of the storm," said Jay Fishman, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Travelers. "Our hearts go out to the millions of Americans impacted by this weather event, and we will continue to do our part to help people get through this difficult time."
In response to the storm, Travelers has more than 5,000 employees actively engaged in person or by phone to help customers and agents. Additionally, the company has five Mobile Claim Offices positioned in affected areas.
"We are committed to reaching impacted customers and helping them to begin the recovery process as quickly as possible," said Bob Brody, Executive Vice President of Claim Services at Travelers. "From beginning to end of the claim process, we stand ready to help provide resources and information during this challenging period."
Travelers' customers are encouraged to visit the emergency response and storm recovery sections of travelers.com for more information and to file a claim.


89575 10/29/2012 11/8/2012 
Recent Trends and Events
For the quarter ended September 30, 2012, loss and loss adjustment expenses incurred decreased by $5,100, or 4.6%, to $106,445 from $111,545 for the comparable 2011 period.  The decrease was primarily due to pre-tax catastrophic weather event losses incurred of $2,355 during the quarter ended September 30, 2012 compared to $12,375 during the comparable 2011 period.
 We filed and were approved for a Massachusetts homeowners rate increase of 6.9% and a Massachusetts personal umbrella rate increase of 2.1%, both of which were effective September 15, 2012.
We filed and were approved for a New Hampshire automobile rate increase of 6.1%, which was effective July 15, 2012 and a New Hampshire homeowners rate increase of 5.1% which was effective September 15, 2012.
Our catastrophic weather event losses will be impacted by Hurricane Sandy which caused widespread damage in the Northeastern United States on October 29 and 30, 2012.  Our exposure to property and casualty losses is limited to the two states in which we write business, Massachusetts and New Hampshire.  We are currently assessing the impact of Hurricane Sandy on our business but do not believe at this time that it will have a material impact on our consolidated financial position.
?


68292 10/29/2012 11/28/2012
Selective Insurance Group Announces Hurricane Sandy Storm Losses
Branchville, NJ – November 28, 2012 – Selective Insurance Group, Inc. (NASDAQ: SIGI) today announced a preliminary pre-tax gross Hurricane Sandy loss of between $100 to $120 million and a pre-tax net loss of approximately $52 million, including reinstatement premiums and reinsurance recoveries. About two-thirds of the claims are in personal lines with the remaining in commercial lines. One area of uncertainty remains business interruption claims, which are included in the estimates but are still developing as some businesses are not back to full operation.
Selective is the sixth largest writer for the National Flood Insurance Program and expects record claim activity this quarter that will generate estimated, pre-tax, claim service revenue of $12 million, which will partially offset the $52 million loss. Together, these items will impact the fourth quarter statutory combined ratio by approximately 10 points and add an anticipated 2 points to our previous 2012 full-year guidance for the statutory and GAAP combined ratios.
“Industry models have estimated Hurricane Sandy insured losses to be in a wide range of $10 to $25 billion” said Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Gregory E. Murphy. “The storm made landfall in our top market share state of New Jersey making this a significant but manageable event for Selective.
 
“We prepared for the storm as we always do and have had Claims team members working around-the-clock since the day of the storm to assist our customers,” continued Murphy. “We are committed to resolving claims quickly and fairly to help our customers get their lives back in order.”
 


59192 10/29/2012 10/31/2012 
d) Subsequent event
In late October 2012, superstorm Sandy made landfall in the United States.  Given its recent occurrence and the limited information available, we cannot estimate at this time the amount of any possible losses from this event. The impact of this event will be reflected in our fourth quarter 2012 results.

In late October 2012, superstorm Sandy made landfall in the United States.  Given its recent occurrence and the limited information available, we cannot estimate at this time the amount of any possible losses from this event. The impact of this event will be reflected in our fourth quarter 2012 results.

59192 10/29/2012 11/8/2012
Chubb Establishes $1,000,000 Fund for Sandy Disaster Relief Efforts
2012-11-08 21:04:20 UTC
WARREN, N.J., Nov. 8, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- The Chubb Corporation (NYSE: CB) has established a $1,000,000 fund for disaster relief efforts related to Hurricane/Tropical Storm Sandy.
Chubb will contribute $500,000 to the American Red Cross for disaster relief. In addition, the insurer will match employee contributions to qualified relief organizations on a two-for-one basis, up to $500,000. If total employee donations exceed $250,000, Chubb will continue to match those employee dollars on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
"We hope that our contributions will ease the suffering of Sandy victims and help them return to their normal lives as soon as possible," said John D. Finnegan, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of The Chubb Corporation.


79323 8/25/2005 8/27/2005	
Hurricane Katrina Evacuations Underway; Important Evacuation Information
2005-08-27 21:39:00 UTC
NEW ORLEANS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 27, 2005--With hurricane Katrina approaching it is important to listen to instructions from local authorities. If nearby homeowners have been evacuated, or you think evacuation may be a possibility, preparation now can help make the evacuation and potential recovery process easier on you and your family.
Before you leave... -- Collect all your important papers and documents. This includes banking, insurance, and financial information, as well as your bills and checkbook. -- Think carefully about what items are easily replaceable by insurance and what items are not, like family heirlooms, keepsakes, and pictures. -- If you don't have an up-to-date home inventory, walk through your home with a video or still camera. At the same time, make a list of what items you want to take, and have room to take, during an evacuation. -- If time allows, and civil authorities require you to evacuate, contact your Allstate agent for information on whether your homeowners policy provides coverage for living expenses while you're evacuated. and to answer any questions you may have about your insurance policies. If you leave... -- Always listen to and obey authorities if they advise you and your family to leave your home. -- Tell your neighbors where you will be going and exchange contact information. -- Inform your Allstate agent you have been evacuated. -- Respect law enforcement decisions on when you are allowed to return home.


79323 8/25/2005 8/30/2005 
If Your Home is Damaged or Destroyed... Important Hurricane Katrina Recovery Information
2005-08-30 16:16:00 UTC
NEW ORLEANS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 30, 2005--Allstate Insurance Company customers whose homes or automobiles have been damaged or destroyed by hurricane Katrina can contact Allstate through The Good Hands Network by calling their Allstate agent, dialing 1-800-54-STORM, or logging on at Allstate.com.
10 Tips For Storm Recovery... -- Make sure your home is structurally safe. Be extremely careful inside your home. Debris may be hazardous and the potential for collapse may exist. If you're told by authorities to stay out, stay out. -- Make temporary repairs to prevent further damage, keeping receipts for materials. Call your Allstate agent and get advice about what to do next. -- If your home is unlivable, find out what living expenses your insurance policy may provide. -- Be patient and assist claims adjusters assigned to your case. Small losses may be settled quickly; extensive claims will take longer. -- Notify creditors if bills have been lost or you're unable to pay. -- Ask your utility company to stop billing if your home is unlivable or has been destroyed. -- Report your claim to Allstate promptly. Be aware, if a widespread disaster has occurred, the company may set up special procedures. -- Prepare to file an insurance claim by gathering all relevant policy numbers. -- Inventory your home for damaged or lost items before your adjustor arrives. This will speed up your claim process. -- Work with a qualified tax expert to find out about tax breaks you may be eligible for because of your losses.



79323 8/25/2005 9/1/2005
The Allstate Foundation Establishes $1 Million Hurricane Recovery Fund; In Addition, Company Matching Employee-Agent Donations Dollar-for-Dollar
2005-09-01 21:05:00 UTC
NORTHBROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 1, 2005--The Allstate Foundation is establishing a $1 million "Hurricane Recovery Fund" to aid the thousands of Hurricane Katrina victims. Foundation funds will be administered by organizations in the affected areas.
Also, The Allstate Corporation's 2005 Giving Campaign now is accepting donations for The American Red Cross Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund from Allstate's more than 70,000 employees, agents and agency staff. The company will match these donations on a dollar-for-dollar basis with no upward limit.
"Speaking from experience, we recognize the difficulties communities face after a catastrophe," said Edward M. Liddy, chairman and CEO, The Allstate Corporation. "The victims of Hurricane Katrina have experienced unimaginable hardships and we want to do our part to help them. Contributions from the Hurricane Recovery Fund will allow The Allstate Foundation to assist those affected by Katrina to prepare for a new tomorrow."
"The Allstate Foundation Hurricane Recovery Fund" will support a variety of recovery efforts in affected communities. Specific needs may include: emergency shelter, food and clothing, health issues (as a direct result of the hurricane), social services, mental health recovery efforts, community clean up, rebuilding and restoring community emergency services, and assistance with home re-construction resident permit processing.



79323 8/25/2005 9/2/2005 

Allstate Offers Additional Relief to Customers via Deferred Payment; Companies to Defer Required Payments for Hurricane Katrina Victims in Affected Counties and Parishes of Louisiana, Alabama and Mississippi
2005-09-02 21:20:00 UTC
NORTHBROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 2, 2005--Companies within the Allstate family announced today that, effective August 26, 2005, they have implemented up to a 90-day deferred payment period for customers located in counties and parishes directly affected by Hurricane Katrina in Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana.
Deferred payment means that customers who are unable to make their premium payments will not be penalized with a loss of coverage during the deferment period. If a customer continues to make payments, even if it's not the minimum amount due, their payments will be credited toward the outstanding premium amount. If a customer has a renewal policy offer pending during this timeframe, but is unable to make a payment, their policy will continue to be in effect. Additionally, installment fees will be waived during this timeframe.
Customers who are currently enrolled in the Easy Pay Plan, Mortgagee Pay or Payroll Deduction programs will not automatically be placed on a deferred payment schedule. If, however, funds are scheduled for removal from a customer's account in the impacted areas and no funds are available, the customer will be removed from the program(s) and rolled over to the deferred payment schedule.
If a customer would like to make a payment and cannot mail it in, credit/debit card and check payments can be made by calling 1-800-Allstate or visiting the Customer Care Center online at www.allstate.com. Customers with questions about the deferred payment policy may also call the customer service phone number listed on their policy or statements.
Counties and parishes currently impacted by this decision include areas of Baldwin and Mobile counties in Alabama; areas of Jefferson, Orleans, Plaquemines, St. Charles, St. Bernard, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa and Washington Parishes in Louisiana; areas of Clarke, Copiah, Covington, Forrest, George, Greene, Hancock, Harrison, Hinds, Jackson, Jasper, Jefferson Davis, Jones, Lamar, Lauderdale, Lawrence, Leake, Lee, Leflore, Lincoln, Marion, Newton, Pearl River, Perry, Pike, Rankin, Scott, Simpson, Smith, Stone, Walthall, Warren, Washington and Wayne counties in Mississippi.
During the initial 90-day period and beyond, Allstate will continue to work with officials in each state to monitor the situation and adjust the impacted areas as warranted.
Companies within the Allstate family include: Allstate Insurance Company, Allstate Motor Club, Allstate Life Insurance Company, Allstate Workplace Division (AWD), Lincoln Benefit Life Company, Surety Life Insurance Company, Encompass Insurance Company and Deerbrook Insurance Company.
Allstate Workplace Division is the marketing name for American Heritage Life Insurance Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of The Allstate Corporation). Products are underwritten by American Heritage Life Insurance Company. (C) 2005 American Heritage Life Insurance Company, Jacksonville FL.
79323 8/25/2005 9/3/2005 
Allstate `Kicks In' Support for Hurricane Katrina Relief; Allstate `Good Hands' College Field Goal Net Program Makes Donations to the American Red Cross Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund
2005-09-03 14:38:00 UTC
NORTHBROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 3, 2005--In conjunction with Allstate Insurance Company's new "Good Hands" field goal net program launched earlier this week, Allstate will make a $1,000 donation to the American Red Cross Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund for every successful field goal made by Allstate participating schools at their home and away games throughout the 2005 college football season. Allstate announced this week that its well-known "Good Hands" logo will be featured on the goalpost netting of more than 30 Division 1-A college football stadiums and seen by television viewers across the country.
Along with providing quality care to all customers in need, this program adds another commitment of support from Allstate for Hurricane Katrina relief. Allstate is matching all Allstate employee and Allstate agency donations to the American Red Cross Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund on a dollar for dollar basis. Additionally, The Allstate Foundation is establishing a $1 million Allstate Emergency Relief Fund to be administered by organizations in the impacted areas.
The Allstate "Good Hands" field goal net program will be launched in participating schools' stadiums this weekend as college football kicks off its 2005 season. At each participating university, Allstate will also make donations to the school's general scholarship fund for each field goal ($300 per) and extra point ($100 per) that travel through an Allstate branded net during their home games.
"In light of the recent Hurricane Katrina disaster that continues to devastate the Southeast, Allstate wanted to provide increased support in this time of need," said Joseph Tripodi, Allstate's chief marketing officer. "However, these monetary donations are just one part of our commitment to the communities in which members of the Allstate family live and work."
Schools participating in Allstate's "Good Hands" field goal net program in 2005 are:
-- Air Force -- Arizona State -- Army -- Baylor -- California -- Colorado -- Colorado State -- Florida State -- Fresno State -- Georgia Tech -- Houston -- Indiana -- Iowa -- Miami, Fla. -- Missouri -- New Mexico -- Northern Illinois -- Northwestern -- Oklahoma -- Pittsburgh -- Purdue -- Rutgers -- Southern Miss -- Syracuse -- UAB -- UCLA -- Utah -- Vanderbilt -- Virginia Tech -- Wake Forest -- Washington St.
?


79323 8/25/2005 9/14/2005 
Allstate and Tom Joyner Contribute to Hurricane Katrina Relief Fund
2005-09-14 17:35:00 UTC
NORTHBROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 14, 2005--Allstate today announced a relationship with The Tom Joyner Morning Show(R) to help families assisting those displaced by Hurricane Katrina. Allstate will match contributions to the BlackAmericaWeb.com Relief Fund up to the amount of $250,000.
The BlackAmericaWeb.com Relief Fund is providing support to households who are assisting those displaced by Hurricane Katrina. The money raised by the fund will go to individual families who have opened their homes to families displaced by Hurricane Katrina.
"With so many families in need as a result of the Hurricane, we are pleased to work with The Tom Joyner Morning Show(R) to match donations and expand the network of people receiving financial assistance," said Lisa Cochrane, vice president of integrated marketing communications, Allstate Insurance Company.
Donations are being solicited from The Tom Joyner Morning Show(R) listeners. The BlackAmericaWeb.com Relief Fund is working in cooperation with local churches in states neighboring affected areas to identify families in need of assistance.
For more information or to make a donation, log onto http://www.blackamericaweb.com.

79323 8/25/2005 9/2/2005 

Allstate Offers Additional Relief to Customers via Deferred Payment; Companies to Defer Required Payments for Hurricane Katrina Victims in Affected Counties and Parishes of Louisiana, Alabama and Mississippi
2005-09-02 21:20:00 UTC
NORTHBROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 2, 2005--Companies within the Allstate family announced today that, effective August 26, 2005, they have implemented up to a 90-day deferred payment period for customers located in counties and parishes directly affected by Hurricane Katrina in Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana.
Deferred payment means that customers who are unable to make their premium payments will not be penalized with a loss of coverage during the deferment period. If a customer continues to make payments, even if it's not the minimum amount due, their payments will be credited toward the outstanding premium amount. If a customer has a renewal policy offer pending during this timeframe, but is unable to make a payment, their policy will continue to be in effect. Additionally, installment fees will be waived during this timeframe.
Customers who are currently enrolled in the Easy Pay Plan, Mortgagee Pay or Payroll Deduction programs will not automatically be placed on a deferred payment schedule. If, however, funds are scheduled for removal from a customer's account in the impacted areas and no funds are available, the customer will be removed from the program(s) and rolled over to the deferred payment schedule.
If a customer would like to make a payment and cannot mail it in, credit/debit card and check payments can be made by calling 1-800-Allstate or visiting the Customer Care Center online at www.allstate.com. Customers with questions about the deferred payment policy may also call the customer service phone number listed on their policy or statements.
Counties and parishes currently impacted by this decision include areas of Baldwin and Mobile counties in Alabama; areas of Jefferson, Orleans, Plaquemines, St. Charles, St. Bernard, St. Tammany, Tangipahoa and Washington Parishes in Louisiana; areas of Clarke, Copiah, Covington, Forrest, George, Greene, Hancock, Harrison, Hinds, Jackson, Jasper, Jefferson Davis, Jones, Lamar, Lauderdale, Lawrence, Leake, Lee, Leflore, Lincoln, Marion, Newton, Pearl River, Perry, Pike, Rankin, Scott, Simpson, Smith, Stone, Walthall, Warren, Washington and Wayne counties in Mississippi.
During the initial 90-day period and beyond, Allstate will continue to work with officials in each state to monitor the situation and adjust the impacted areas as warranted.
Companies within the Allstate family include: Allstate Insurance Company, Allstate Motor Club, Allstate Life Insurance Company, Allstate Workplace Division (AWD), Lincoln Benefit Life Company, Surety Life Insurance Company, Encompass Insurance Company and Deerbrook Insurance Company.
Allstate Workplace Division is the marketing name for American Heritage Life Insurance Company (a wholly owned subsidiary of The Allstate Corporation). Products are underwritten by American Heritage Life Insurance Company. (C) 2005 American Heritage Life Insurance Company, Jacksonville FL.

18403 8/25/2005 9/7/2005 
Hurricane Katrina
As of September 6, 2005, five of the Company's stores were closed as a result of Hurricane Katrina. The
closed stores represented approximately 0.5% of the Company’s total 2004 sales. The Company is in the
process of assessing the extent of the impact on these stores, and implementing action plans with respect to associates, merchandise allocation, and other business considerations, including reviewing property and business interruption coverage with its insurance carriers. Although the Company cannot provide an estimate of loss at this time, management does not currently anticipate that the direct effects of the hurricane on these stores will have a material effect on the Company's results of operations for the second half of fiscal 2005.


21020 8/25/2005 8/31/2005 
Get AAdvantage Miles for Support of American Red Cross Hurricane Relief Efforts
2005-08-31 22:17:00 UTC
FORT WORTH, Texas, Aug. 31 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- American Airlines today announced a special reward of 500 AAdvantage bonus miles for anyone who donates a minimum of $50 to the American Red Cross Hurricane Relief Efforts.
"In this time of need, we wish to reward those who step forward to support the American Red Cross hurricane relief efforts," said Kurt Stache, President - AAdvantage Marketing. "The devastation and personal suffering brought about by this disaster impacts us all. Our prayers and sympathies go out to all those affected by this terrible event."
Program Details
American is offering its AAdvantage members a one-time reward of 500 AAdvantage bonus miles for donations of $50 or more to the American Red Cross between August 31 and September 30, 2005.
* You must be an AAdvantage member to receive the bonus miles. To enroll, visit http://www.aa.com/aadvantage . * Members will need to fax or mail their donation receipt to the AAdvantage Customer Service office. The AAdvantage account number of the member must be written on the receipt. * Fax number is: 817-963-7882. * Mailing address is: Hurricane Relief, American Airlines AAdvantage Department, P.O. Box 619688, DFW Airport, TX 75261-9688. Visit http://www.aa.com for more information on American's relief program. About American Airlines


21020 8/25/2005 9/3/2005 
American Airlines Flying Katrina Relief Missions Over Labor Day Weekend
2005-09-03 15:44:00 UTC
FORT WORTH, Texas, Sept. 3 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- American Airlines dispatched three aircraft to New Orleans Saturday -- all of them manned by volunteer crews -- to pick up flood victims and fly them to Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas.
American will fly similar missions Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. Each MD80 aircraft will make two trips each day for a total of 24 trips. More than 3,000 flood victims are expected to be flown out of the stricken city as a result of American's four-day operation.
Captain Al Madar, who oversees American's daily flight operations and is coordinating all of American's flying with the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA), said everyone who works the flight is a volunteer.
"From the mechanic to the ramp worker to the pilots and flight attendants --- they are all volunteers," Madar said. "We've got a long list of American employees wanting to help in the effort."
American's airport manager in New Orleans, Tina Moman -- who was airlifted out of New Orleans on Tuesday when American flew the first rescue mission into the Louie Armstrong International Airport -- was on the first flight Saturday to oversee the ground operation there.


21020 8/25/2005 9/9/2005 
500 American Airlines Employee Volunteers at Reservation Center to Support National Hurricane Katrina Relief Telethon on Friday
2005-09-09 14:01:00 UTC
American Airlines Executives and Employees Raise Funds for Katrina Evacuees WHAT American Airlines employee volunteers will be answering calls from donors responding to Friday evening's national telethon, "Shelter from the Storm: A Concert for the Gulf Coast." The one-hour commercial-free telethon will be simulcast live from 7:00-8:00 p.m. CDT by ABC, CBS, NBC, FOX, the WB and UPN networks in addition to more than 30 cable affiliate channels. Proceeds will benefit the American Red Cross and Salvation Army. Media will have an opportunity to interview, photograph, and film American Airlines employee volunteers as well as Bella Goren, Vice President, Interactive Marketing and Reservations. In addition, other executives will be on-hand to lend their support during the telethon. WHEN Friday, September 9, 2005 5:30 p.m. American Airlines volunteers will begin arriving 5:45 p.m. Training begins at the Reservations center 6:00-11 p.m. American Airlines volunteers will answer pledge calls from across the nation WHERE American Airlines Southern Reservations Office 4700 American Boulevard, Fort Worth, Texas 76155 (Located near the CR Smith Museum at Highways 183 and 360) EVENT DETAILS/ACCOMMODATIONS FOR MEDIA Media are asked to arrive at 5:45 p.m. and may park in the employee parking lot and use the building's north entrance. BACKGROUND INFORMATION The telethon will feature leading entertainers from the film, television and music industry to raise money for Hurricane Katrina victims. To date, American Airlines employee response to this tragedy has been overwhelming. Beyond providing volunteer flight crews to staff relief flights into and out of hurricane-stricken areas, American Airlines, its employees and the American Airlines Credit Union have contributed almost $300,000 to relief funds benefiting the victims of Hurricane Katrina and have contributed clothing and other essential items to those affected by the storm and its aftermath.


21020 8/25/2005 9/14/2005 
American Airlines Federal Credit Union Supports Hurricane Katrina Relief Efforts
2005-09-14 21:37:00 UTC
FORT WORTH, Texas, Sept. 14 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Less than a week since a special account was developed to assist the American Red Cross with relief efforts for those directly affected by the devastation of Hurricane Katrina, AA Credit Union reached its pledge to match member donations to the Katrina Red Cross Fund up to a total of $100,000.
"Our hearts ache for the family, friends, Credit Union members and all fellow Americans directly impacted by the storm, winds and flooding, and they are in our prayers," said John Tippets, President and CEO, AA Credit Union. "And I could not be more proud of the overwhelming response of help from our members."
Contributions and pledges received to date have exceeded $236,000, including a $20,000 donation from the American Airlines Dallas/Fort Worth Recreation Committee. "The Credit Union strives to have a positive impact on the lives of all our members and their communities, and we are glad for the opportunity to focus, at this time, on those communities with the greatest of needs," said Tippets. "We are hopeful that our pledge of $100,000 will help us reach a total donation of $500,000 as the needs for those affected will continue to grow."
AA Credit Union is also assisting members by providing loan payment deferrals, by helping resolve issues related to loans on vehicles or homes that were damaged or lost, and by offering fee refunds (such as ATM surcharge fees, ATM/VISA(R) Check Card reorder fees, NSF fees, and traveler check fees).
In addition, in order to assist active employees living in the affected areas of Alabama, Mississippi, and Louisiana, AA Credit Union is facilitating the access of funds donated to the American Airlines/American Eagle Family Fund, a nonprofit charitable organization committed to providing emergency assistance to current or former employees and their families.


21020 8/25/2005 9/23/2005 
American Airlines Federal Credit Union Members/Owners Donate $400,000 to Support Hurricane Katrina Relief Efforts
2005-09-23 20:38:00 UTC
FORT WORTH, Texas, Sept. 23 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- On Tuesday, September 20, John Tippets, President and CEO of American Airlines Federal Credit Union and David Campbell, AA Credit Union board member and Vice President Alliance and Kansas City Base Maintenance, American Airlines, presented a check for $400,000 to Robert P. McDonald, Chief Financial Officer of the American Red Cross. The donation was presented on behalf of AA Credit Union members-owners during the National Association of Federal Credit Unions (NAFCU) Congressional Caucus in Washington, D.C.
(Photo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20050923/DAF022 )
"Credit Unions have a long standing history of helping their communities and supporting charitable activities," said Tippets, "And I could not be more proud of our member's quick and overwhelming response of help to these current, very critical needs." The $400,000 amount included member contributions and an AA Credit Union donation of $100,000.
Donations to the AA Credit Union's American Red Cross Hurricane Relief Efforts will be accepted throughout the remainder of the year.
How To Help
Members can make their donations via cash, check, or account transfer from their AA Credit Union account.
* By Phone: Call (800) 533-0035 and speak to a Member Service Representative for more information. * By Fax: Download the American Red Cross Donation Form from http://www.AACreditUnion.org and fax to: (817) 963-6108 or (800) 889-4480. * In Person: Visit any local AA Credit Union Branch to make a cash/check or account transfer donation. * By Mail: Make your check payable to "American Red Cross Fund" and mail to: AA Credit Union, P.O. Box 155489, Fort Worth, Texas 76155-0489


23297 8/25/2005 9/1/2005 
Brinker International Activates Hotline for Chili's and Romano's Macaroni Grill Employees in New Orleans Area, Southern Mississippi
2005-09-01 13:00:00 UTC
DALLAS, Sept. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Brinker International (NYSE: EAT) has established a toll-free hotline for employees of its Chili's Grill & Bar and Romano's Macaroni Grill restaurants in areas of Louisiana and Mississippi affected by Hurricane Katrina. The hotline, (800) 717-2295, is staffed live from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. CDT, Monday through Friday by operators who can answer employee questions and help direct them to available resources. Prerecorded information is also available 24 hours a day and voice mailboxes will be monitored after hours.


23297 8/25/2005 9/2/2005
Brinker International Updates Status of Restaurants in Louisiana, Mississippi
2005-09-02 12:00:00 UTC
DALLAS, Sept. 2 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- A total of 14 Chili's Grill & Bar, Romano's Macaroni Grill and On The Border Mexican Grill & Cantina locations in Louisiana and Mississippi remain closed due to Hurricane Katrina, parent company Brinker International, Inc., today announced.
The restaurants closed include locations in Hammond, Harvey, La Place, Mandeville, Metairie, Slidell and Thibodaux, La.; as well as Biloxi, Gulfport, Hattiesburg and Jackson, Miss.
The company is in the process of assessing damage at all affected restaurants but anticipates reopening most of the locations when necessary repairs are complete, power and water are available and employees return to the area. The two Chili's locations in Metairie and Harvey will be closed indefinitely due to the prolonged evacuation of New Orleans and Jefferson Parish.
The 14 restaurants represent approximately 1 percent of annual revenues for Brinker. The company posted $3.9 billion in revenues for its recently completed 2005 fiscal year.
Brinker announced earlier that it has established a toll-free hotline for employees in areas affected by the hurricane. The hotline, (800) 717-2295, is staffed live from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. CDT, Monday through Friday, by operators who can answer employee questions and help direct them to available resources. Prerecorded information is also available 24 hours a day, and voice mailboxes will be monitored after hours.
In addition, the company is mobilizing to provide food to evacuees at numerous shelters and coordinating with regional and national restaurant industry groups in support of broader relief efforts.


23660 8/25/2005 9/8/2005 
Cintas Provides Update on Impact Caused by Hurricane Katrina
2005-09-08 13:22:00 UTC
CINCINNATI, Sept. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Cintas Corporation (Nasdaq: CTAS) continues to reach out to all its employees impacted by Hurricane Katrina. The Company has continued to pay its affected employees and will attempt to provide employment at a facility in any area where an employee has been relocated. The Company has also established a special phone number for its affected employees to call with any questions they may have. Scott D. Farmer, President and Chief Executive Officer stated, "Our most immediate concern is that our employees are safe, and we have requested that they contact the Company to tell us where they are located. We intend to do whatever we can to assist them in this terrible situation. Additionally, the Company is evaluating alternatives how it can best assist the region impacted by the storm."
Due to the impact of Hurricane Katrina and its aftermath, the Cintas operation in New Orleans, Louisiana has been shut down, and there currently is no estimate as to when operations can resume. The facility accounts for approximately $400,000 per week in revenues. While the facility appears to have sustained minimal property damage, it is difficult to determine, at this time, the financial impact on the Company due to the uncertain impact on Cintas' customers.
Additionally, the Company's operations in Mobile, Alabama; Jackson and Gulfport, Mississippi; Thibodaux, Baton Rouge and Hammond, Louisiana have all had disruptions in their utilities and were unable to operate most of last week. Power has now been restored and the operations are processing. However, business results may be impacted due to difficulties encountered by our customers in resuming their operations. The rapid increases in energy costs will also have a negative impact on the Company's margins if the current or higher price levels continue.
While it is difficult, at this time, to accurately determine the financial impact of the hurricane on Cintas, the Company expects to provide more specific information during its review of the first quarter operating results prior to the end of September.


23660 8/25/2005 9/21/2005 
Cintas Corporation Reports Growth in First Quarter Fiscal 2006
Revenue and Earnings
•   Total Revenue increases 10.4%
•   Earnings Per Share increases 11.9%
EVENUE AND EARNINGS GUIDANCE 
Mr. Farmer stated, “We are continuing to assess the impact of Hurricane Katrina on our operations. While damage to our facilities appears, at this point, to be minimal, the impact on our employee-partners and customers in the affected areas continues to be a major concern to the Company. We are assisting our employee-partners at our operations in New Orleans and Gulfport through salary continuation and other financial assistance. The ultimate cost of this assistance, combined with lower business volume at the affected operations, will have an impact on our results.”
Mr. Farmer continued, “Additionally, the rapid increase in the cost of energy could impact our results, unless such costs return to levels seen in our first quarter. All of these factors will impact our Fiscal 2006 results. Although it is too early to know the exact impact, we are reiterating our original revenue and earnings per share guidance for Fiscal 2006. That guidance is for revenue to be in the range of $3.35 billion to $3.45 billion with full year earnings per share (diluted) in the range of $1.95 to $2.05. However, at this point, our preliminary analysis of the impact of Hurricane Katrina, as well as higher energy costs, could move us to the low end of our earnings per share range. Despite this setback in the Gulf Coast region, our Company is very strong financially and Cintas partners are pulling together as is characteristic of our culture.”


49154 8/25/2005 9/6/2005 
Media Advisory: Target Hurricane Recovery Effort Update for Impacted Team Members and Guests
2005-09-06 23:03:00 UTC
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 6 /PRNewswire/ -- Target is committed to providing ongoing support for affected guests, team members and communities.
Target will waive fees, payments and finance charges for Target Visa card and Target Red card holders from the affected areas. Target credit card holders that live in the impacted areas are not required to make a minimum payment for September or October. In addition, during those two months, no finance charges will be assessed and no late fees will be charged. Target credit card holders should call toll-free 1-888-755-5856 for more information.
Target is also committed to helping impacted team members through this recovery process. Direct assistance to team members impacted by the hurricane is being provided through emergency funds, flexible payroll sites and crisis counseling. Target will guarantee positions for affected team members at any Target store nationwide.
Displaced Target team members are encouraged to contact Team Member Service Center (TMSC) at 1-800-394-1885, and press 7 for special hurricane help.
In addition to a previously announced $1.5 million donation to the American Red Cross, Target has provided the Red Cross with real estate in Louisiana so they can establish a central command center, and real estate in Seattle to be used as a training center. Target has also coordinated large-scale donations of essential products, including water, ice, coolers, diapers and baby wipes, and has provided supplies for military and local law enforcement support. Individual stores and distribution centers are also supporting shelters and local Red Cross agencies.
Guests and team members can visit http://www.Target.com to learn more about recovery efforts and assistance.


77606 8/25/2005 9/6/2005 
2005-09-06 14:13:00 UTC
MENOMONEE FALLS, Wis.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 6, 2005--Just by making room in their closets for back-to-school and fall styles, consumers across the country can assist in relief efforts for those affected by Hurricane Katrina. From September 11-14, Kohl's (NYSE:KSS) stores nationwide will collect gently used clothes and shoes for Kids in Distressed Situations (K.I.D.S.), a national charity that delivers apparel items to disadvantaged children and their families. Clothing contributions will be used to assist in hurricane relief efforts.
Kohl's and K.I.D.S. have redirected the planned "Kohl's Clothes for Kids" event and now, all clothing donations will be directed towards hurricane relief. The four-day charity event, featuring collections at every Kohl's store in communities across the country, is an extension of an existing partnership between Kohl's and K.I.D.S. As an added incentive, every donor will receive a coupon worth an additional 15 percent off their next purchase at Kohl's through September 14.
Kohl's partnership with K.I.D.S. has resulted in numerous donations benefiting children and families across the country. Over the last three years, Kohl's has donated more than 2.6 million dollars worth of clothing to the organization.
"Our partnership with Kids in Distressed Situations is one more way Kohl's helps improve the lives of children in the communities we serve," said Julie Gardner, Kohl's senior vice president of marketing. "Our hearts go out to all the victims of this disaster, and we are pleased to partner with Kids in Distressed Situations to provide relief for children and families affected by this terrible storm. The need for assistance for Hurricane Katrina victims is tremendous, and we encourage Kohl's shoppers to participate in this event."
Kids in Distressed Situations, Inc. (K.I.D.S.) is a national charity of leading retailers, manufacturers and licensors of children's products, in partnership with major foundations, committed to helping children in need. K.I.D.S. encourages and facilitates donations of new apparel, shoes, toys, juvenile products, and other items that benefit children who are ill, living in poverty, or the victims of natural disasters. Since its founding in 1985, K.I.D.S. has donated more than $400 million worth of merchandise to children in need. For the past 20 years, two to four million children have benefited from K.I.D.S. programs each year.
"Although it is too early to know the full extent of the damage, Katrina's legacy will be felt for many years by the most vulnerable in this disaster, the children," said K.I.D.S. President, Dr. Janice Weinman. "Through the generosity of Kohl's and its customers, these contributions can make a critical difference."


10517 8/25/2005 8/31/2005
ATLANTA, Aug. 31 -- Aaron Rents, Inc. (NYSE: RNT), the nation's leader in the rental, sales and lease ownership, and specialty retailing of residential and office furniture, consumer electronics and home appliances and accessories, today stated that it is currently assessing the impact of Hurricane Katrina on
the operations of its stores in Louisiana, Mississippi, and Alabama. Preliminary reports indicate that the damage to these stores will be significant.
As of today, 20 Aaron's Sales & Lease Ownership stores are closed and 12 stores in Louisiana and Mississippi are either underwater or have significant water damage.
"Our foremost concern is the safety and well being of our employees and customers, as well as all of the citizens of the affected areas," said R. Charles Loudermilk, Sr. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Aaron Rents.
"The current difficulty in communicating to our employees and getting to many of the stores has made an accurate assessment of the damage impossible at this time. It could be weeks or months before the actual cost of the hurricane can be determined."
Aaron Rents currently has 46 stores in Louisiana, 25 stores in Mississippi, and 34 stores in Alabama. Of these stores, one store in Louisiana, five stores in Mississippi, and 16 stores in Alabama are franchised operations. The most severely effected stores at this time are eight Company- operated stores in the
New Orleans area and three Company-operated stores and a franchised store on the Mississippi coast. Based upon a very preliminary assessment, total property loss and business interruption expense for all of the stores affected by the hurricane could range from $5,000,000 to $10,000,000. This loss would include insured losses of merchandise, property, and other contents at store locations in addition to uninsured losses of merchandise in customer's homes. In addition, although not possible to accurately estimate at this time, a significant amount of ongoing business will be lost for a substantial period of time at the most seriously damaged stores. The current total average monthly revenue at the above-mentioned New Orleans and coastal Mississippi stores is approximately $1,100,000 per month.
"Our business was adversely impacted somewhat in the third quarter of last year by the three hurricanes in Florida," Mr. Loudermilk, Sr. continued. "However, those hurricanes did not have the significant widespread flooding and water damage these communities are experiencing from Katrina. Our history on past major hurricanes, such as Hurricane Andrew a number of years ago, is that our
business substantially picks up three to six months after the storm occurs as customers, many with the aid of government assistance, return to homes and need replacement furnishings."
The Company is designating $200,000 of funds in the Aaron's Community Outreach Program for assistance to Company employees affected by the hurricane and is also donating 50,000 cases of bottled water to the American Red Cross.

?


84084 8/25/2005 9/6/2005

HIBBETT ANNOUNCES INITIAL AFFECT OF HURRICANE KATRINA
 
BIRMINGHAM, Ala. (September 6, 2005) – Hibbett Sporting Goods, Inc. (NASDAQ/NM: HIBB), a rapidly growing sporting goods retailer, today announced that the Company lost a total of three stores due to Hurricane Katrina and will be assessing insurance claims related to those stores. One of these stores is expected to re-open within the next six to eight weeks. An additional seven stores are currently closed, six of which sustained minor damage and are expected to open shortly. In total, approximately 50 to 60 of Hibbett’s 508 stores have been affected by Hurricane Katrina to varying degrees with sales interruptions related to power outages in Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi.
Mickey Newsome, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, noted, "Our first priority during this time is certainly the health and safety of our associates and customers in these affected areas and their families. We have joined with relief agencies in the region to provide assistance to those families."
 


85913 8/25/2005 8/31/2005 
Marriott Update on Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-31 20:36:00 UTC
WASHINGTON, Aug. 31 /PRNewswire/ -- Marriott International, Inc. (NYSE: MAR) is working closely with authorities throughout the Gulf Coast region and other areas impacted by Hurricane Katrina. Marriott continues to provide for its guests and associates as best as conditions allow. The company has established a toll-free line for friends and families to call for information about guests and associates who may have been affected by the hurricane. That number is (866) 211-4610. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, the direct dial number is 402-390-3265.)
(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20030605/MARRIOTTLOGO )
Guests with reservations or plans to travel to either hurricane-impacted areas or nearby regions where evacuees are relocating are encouraged to call Marriott at (800) 559-9352 to determine hotel availability.
As of 2 p.m. (EDT) Wednesday, August 31, Marriott's 15 hotels in New Orleans have marginal operations and are unable to accept reservations. The affected properties include:
Courtyard New Orleans/Covington-Mandeville Courtyard New Orleans Downtown-Near the French Quarter Courtyard New Orleans-Convention Center Courtyard New Orleans-Metairie Fairfield Inn Kenner-New Orleans Airport JW Marriott New Orleans Marriott New Orleans Marriott New Orleans at the Convention Center Renaissance Arts Hotel Renaissance Pere Marquette Residence Inn New Orleans-Metairie Residence Inn New Orleans-Downtown SpringHill Suites New Orleans/Convention Center The Ritz-Carlton New Orleans and Maison Blanche TownePlace Suites New Orleans/Metairie
The above hotels will remain closed until local authorities advise they may reopen. In addition, the following hotels in affected areas remain temporarily closed:
Alabama The Grand Hotel Marriott Resort, Golf Club & Spa (Point Clear) Florida SpringHill Suites Pensacola
Marriott will provide updates on http://www.marriottnewsroom.com as information becomes available. For information regarding hotel reservations, please call (800) 228-9290. Those in countries outside of the United States seeking information about the impact of Hurricane Katrina should call the Marriott International toll-free number in their country.


85913 8/25/2005 9/2/2005 
Marriott Rewards(R) Allows Members to Redeem Points to Help Hurricane Victims
2005-09-02 20:01:00 UTC
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2 /PRNewswire/ -- Members of Marriott Rewards(R), Marriott International, Inc.'s (NYSE: MAR) guest loyalty program, who wish to help the victims of Hurricane Katrina can redeem points for Marriott Gift Cheques. The cheques can be used towards payment of hotel rooms or food at Marriott, JW Marriott, Renaissance, Residence Inn, Courtyard, SpringHill Suites, TownePlace Suites, Fairfield Inn hotels and Marriott Vacation Club International. The cheque will be sent to the member, who can then forward it to the American Red Cross. The Red Cross will distribute the cheques to victims needing assistance paying for hotel rooms and food.
The points can be redeemed by calling 1-801-468-4000 or 1-800-450-4442. $50 Marriott Gift Cheque 18,000 Marriott Rewards Points code 3571 $100 Marriott Gift Cheque 33,000 Marriott Rewards Points code 1941 $250 Marriott Gift Cheque 60,000 Marriott Rewards Points code 3581 $1000 Marriott Gift Cheque 180,000 Marriott Rewards Points code 1951 The cheques can be sent to the American Red Cross at: The American Red Cross Attn: Marriott Rewards Member Contribution 2025 E Street, NW Mail Stop NW7 -- 104C Washington, DC 20006 Please designate that the cheques be used for the Disaster Relief Fund.


85913 8/25/2005 9/2/2005 
Marriott Assists victims of Hurricane Katrina
2005-09-03 00:04:00 UTC
WASHINGTON, Sept. 2 /PRNewswire/ -- Marriott International, Inc. (NYSE: MAR) is working closely with authorities throughout the Gulf Coast region and other areas impacted by Hurricane Katrina.
"First and foremost, we extend our sympathies and support for everyone who has been personally and directly affected by this tragedy," said J.W. Marriott, Jr., chairman and CEO, Marriott International. "We recognize that the days and weeks ahead will be very difficult for all those impacted by Hurricane Katrina, including our more than 2,800 associates in the greater New Orleans area. We are thankful that Marriott was able to provide shelter and assist in the safe evacuation of over 1,700 guests and associates from our 15 New Orleans hotels."
Marriott is working closely with the appropriate authorities to determine how best to support relief efforts. As soon as we are given permission to enter the affected areas and our teams assess our hotels to provide for safety, the company plans to make designated hotels available for relief- related activities and personnel.
As we actively work to restore operations in all of our properties affected by the hurricane, we are just as focused on doing all we can to help our associates. Marriott has made arrangements to pay its associates through Sept. 30, 2005. In addition, we are setting up a leave sharing program so that fellow associates can donate paid time off to help those impacted by the storm.
Our guests are concerned and want to help too. We have developed a program that allows Marriott Rewards members to redeem points for Marriott Gift Cheques that the Red Cross can distribute to people impacted by this tragedy (for details visit: http://marriott.com/news/detail.mi?marrArticle=102037). A link on http://www.marriott.com has also been established to enable customers to contribute directly to the Red Cross Hurricane 2005 Relief Effort. Additionally, our associates across the country have been donating money to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund and other agencies.
Due to the extraordinary circumstances, hotels in the Gulf Coast and
nearby regions are providing shelter for evacuees and relief workers. As a result, many of these hotels are now in a sold-out status and it may be difficult to accommodate new arrivals. Guests are encouraged to call Marriott at (800) 559-9352 to determine hotel availability. Efforts are also being made to contact customers with reservations to warn them of a severe shortage of space. Information on cancellation policies and the status of hotels impacted by the storm is available at http://www.marriottnewsroom.com. This list is updated as information becomes available.
Marriott has established a toll-free line for friends and families to call for information about guests and associates who may have been affected by the hurricane. That number is (866) 211-4610. (Outside the U.S. and Canada, the direct dial number is 402-390-3265.)


85913 8/25/2005 9/7/2005 
Marriott International and the Marriott Family Pledge a Total of $3 Million to Support Hurricane Katrina Relief
2005-09-07 22:01:00 UTC
WASHINGTON, Sept. 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Marriott International, Inc. (NYSE: MAR) and the Marriott family's private foundation, The J. Willard and Alice S. Marriott Foundation, have pledged a total of $3 million to aid employees and victims of Hurricane Katrina.
(Logo: http://www.newscom.com/cgi-bin/prnh/20030605/MARRIOTTLOGO )
"Hurricane Katrina has caused heartbreaking loss for the people of the Gulf Coast region, including our associates, their families and their communities," said J.W. "Bill" Marriott, Jr., chairman and CEO, Marriott International, Inc. "Our company and the Marriott family extend our deepest sympathy and concern to all those affected by this tragedy."
The company has contributed $500,000 to the American Red Cross to help all in the affected communities and has also established the Marriott & Ritz- Carlton Disaster Relief Fund under the auspices of the Community Foundation for the National Capital Region, a charitable organization, and made an initial $500,000 donation. This newly-established fund allows the company, associates, owners, franchisees, business partners, customers and others to financially assist Marriott & Ritz-Carlton managed and franchised associates affected by significant disasters in communities where we live and work.
The Marriott family foundation has made a challenge grant to match, dollar-for-dollar, all contributions to the Marriott & Ritz-Carlton Disaster Relief Fund received by March 1, 2006, up to a maximum of $1 million. The company's $500,000 contribution to this Fund is not included in the Foundation's challenge grant. Company associates, owners, franchisees, business partners, customers, guests or those wishing to double their own contributions toward associate assistance are invited to donate to the Marriott & Ritz-Carlton Disaster Relief Fund.
Separately, the Marriott family has pledged an additional $1 million toward longer-term disaster relief efforts, with the recipient organizations to be determined as the greatest needs are identified.
If you would like to contribute to the Marriott & Ritz-Carlton Disaster Relief Fund, you may do so by sending a check payable to:
Marriott & Ritz-Carlton Disaster Relief Fund The Community Foundation for the National Capital Region 1201 15th Street NW, Suite 420 Washington, D.C. 20005
For more information on the Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Disaster Relief Fund or to make a donation, please visit http://www.marriott.com.
*The Marriott & Ritz-Carlton Disaster Relief Fund is established under the Community Foundation for the National Capital Region, a public charity qualified under U.S. Internal Revenue Code Section 501(c)(3). Donations are tax deductible as charitable contributions to the extent allowed by applicable law.
59459 8/25/2005 8/26/2005 
St. Paul Travelers Catastrophe Team Responds to Hurricane Katrina, Prepares for Second Landfall
2005-08-26 21:33:00 UTC
HARTFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 26, 2005--St. Paul Travelers (NYSE:STA) and its member company First Floridian have mobilized their Catastrophe Response Team to assist policyholders affected by Hurricane Katrina.
With catastrophe specialists already in Fort Lauderdale to handle claims from the hurricane's impact on southern Florida, additional team members will move into the Florida Panhandle to serve customers as soon as the storm passes through. St. Paul Travelers has dispatched four of its five Mobile Claim Headquarters - custom-built RVs designed as mobile insurance claim offices that can provide claims services immediately following a disaster - to be stationed in Fort Lauderdale and areas of the Florida Panhandle damaged by the second landfall of the storm.
The Mobile Claim Headquarters are equipped to issue checks to policyholders on the spot, and the catastrophe adjusters use wireless technology so they can operate their laptops anywhere, which speeds the claims handling process. St. Paul Travelers also has additional claims professionals around the nation on call and ready to join this response effort.
"Our catastrophe team is expressly designed to be on the ground and highly responsive to our customers' needs in an emergency situation," said Ray Stone, vice president, Catastrophe Management for St. Paul Travelers. "With more than 300 adjusters on call and extended service planned for our Customer Care Centers, we're able to respond immediately to the damage in Hurricane Katrina's wake."
St. Paul Travelers and First Floridian claims professionals are available to take customer claims 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Customers are encouraged to report their loss directly by calling these numbers:
-- First Floridian or Travelers Home and Auto Claims: 800.CLAIM33 (800.252.4633) -- Travelers Flood Claims: 800.356.6663 -- Travelers Boat/Yacht Claims: 800.772.4482 -- St. Paul Travelers and Travelers Business Claims: 800.238.6225 -- St. Paul Business Claims: 800.STPAUL1 (800.787.2851)
Independent agents can get updated hurricane response information on St. Paul Travelers' Agent HQ(SM) Web site.
Background on Mobile Claim Headquarters
These first-in-the-industry vehicles were developed as a result of lessons learned from Hurricane Andrew, which devastated parts of Florida in 1992. They are staffed by catastrophe response team members and equipped with everything required to process claims in the midst of a disaster, such as onboard computers and databases, printers, photocopiers, cell phones, and fax machines. Each vehicle has its own generator, so they can operate in places without electricity and can process claims through wireless or satellite connectivity if land lines are not available.
Severe Weather Tips
Stone recommends that the following measures be taken before a storm:
-- Store outdoor furniture and potted plants indoors. -- Agree with all family members on the safest place to be within the structure during the storm. A bathroom or closet in the middle of the structure is usually the safest place to stay during a storm. The room should have no windows - it is important to stay away from all glass windows. -- Store water, food, radio, flashlights, first aid kit and spare batteries in this room prior to arrival of the storm. -- For homes with well water, fill bath tubs in order to have fresh water for cooking and to flush toilets. -- Secure the structure by taking down cloth awnings and closing all windows, doors and skylights. -- If possible, videotape or make a list of all personal property inside the dwelling, which should be stored in a safe location in the event the property sustains serious damage. After the storm passes: -- Make sure all family members are safe. Listen to the radio for public service announcements. If evacuated, do not return to your home until authorized to do so. If at home, wait for the "all clear" announcement before venturing outside. -- Don't touch downed power lines; assume they are live no matter how long they have been down. -- Check for gas leaks. If you smell gas, leave immediately and call the utility company from a neighbor's house. -- Don't try to move large trees or branches that have fallen on your home, as personal injury or additional property damage could occur. -- Cover broken windows or holes in walls or roofs to prevent further damage. -- If you have damage, call your insurance carrier immediately to report your claim.


59459 8/25/2005 8/29/2005 
St. Paul Travelers Mobilizes Catastrophe Response Team following Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-29 21:14:00 UTC
HARTFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 29, 2005--St. Paul Travelers (NYSE:STA) has deployed its Catastrophe Response Team to assist policyholders affected by Hurricane Katrina in Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi.
Catastrophe claim specialists are ready to move into the impacted areas to serve customers as soon as the storm passes through. St. Paul Travelers has dispatched five Mobile Claim Headquarters -- custom-built RVs designed as mobile insurance claim offices that can provide claim services immediately following a disaster -- to be stationed in the hardest hit areas surrounding New Orleans, Mobile, Ala., and Jackson, Miss.
The Mobile Claim Headquarters are equipped to issue checks to policyholders on the spot, and the catastrophe adjusters use wireless technology so they can operate their laptops anywhere, which speeds the claims handling process. St. Paul Travelers also has approximately 500 claim professionals around the nation on call and ready to join this response effort.
St. Paul Travelers claim professionals are available to take customer claims 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Customers are encouraged to report their loss directly by calling these numbers:
-- Travelers Home and Auto Claims: 800.CLAIM33 (800.252.4633) -- Travelers Flood Claims: 800.356.6663 -- Travelers Boat/Yacht Claims: 800.772.4482 -- St. Paul Travelers and Travelers Business Claims: 800.238.6225 -- St. Paul Business Claims: 800.STPAUL1 (800.787.2851)
Independent agents can get updated hurricane response information on St. Paul Travelers' Agent HQ(SM) Web site.
Background on Mobile Claim Headquarters
These first-in-the-industry vehicles were developed as a result of lessons learned from Hurricane Andrew, which devastated parts of Florida in 1992. They are staffed by catastrophe response team members and equipped with everything required to process claims in the midst of a disaster, such as onboard computers and databases, printers, photocopiers, cell phones, and fax machines. Each vehicle has its own generator, so they can operate in places without electricity and can process claims through wireless or satellite connectivity if land lines are not available.
Damage Mitigation Tips
St. Paul Travelers offers the following steps to take to mitigate any damage once the storm has passed.
PROPERTY
If interior is exposed to rain and trees are down or tree debris is present, the owner should:
-- Protect their property from the possibility of any further damage. If necessary, contact a contractor to complete temporary repairs. -- If a tree or limbs are on the house, make arrangements to have the tree removed. -- Complete temporary repairs such as covering up holes in the roof with a tarp and boarding up broken windows in order to protect the home from further damage. -- If necessary, have debris cleaned up or obtain an estimate for the removal and/or clean up costs. AUTOMOBILE
Avoid driving through standing water. If the vehicle has been flooded and the water has entered the passenger compartment do not attempt to start the vehicle engine. This may cause damage to the engine or transmission.


59459 8/25/2005 9/2/2005 
St. Paul Travelers to Contribute $1 Million to Hurricane Katrina Relief Efforts; Catastrophe Response Team Deployed in Recovery Area
2005-09-02 15:08:00 UTC
SAINT PAUL, Minn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 2, 2005--St. Paul Travelers (NYSE:STA) has announced it will contribute a total of $1 million to the American Red Cross to fund relief efforts following the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina. As part of its contribution, the company is facilitating direct contributions to the American Red Cross from its 30,000 employees.
"The damage and destruction left in the wake of Hurricane Katrina is heart-wrenching," said Jay Fishman, president and chief executive officer. "We have responded with a contribution to show our support, care and concern for the people and the communities in those areas. At the same time, our catastrophe claim responders are seeking out and responding to our personal and commercial policyholders."
St. Paul Travelers has deployed its Catastrophe Response Team and five Mobile Claim Headquarters to assist its customers affected by Hurricane Katrina in Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi.
?


59459 8/25/2005 9/4/2005 
Travelers Announces Locations of Mobile Claim Headquarters in Hurricane Katrina Recovery Area
2005-09-04 21:59:00 UTC
HARTFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 4, 2005--Travelers personal lines, a member of St. Paul Travelers (NYSE:STA), has positioned its Catastrophe Response Team, including five Mobile Claim Headquarters, custom-built RVs designed as mobile insurance claim offices, in the areas hardest hit by Hurricane Katrina. These vehicles are equipped to immediately service policyholders who have experienced a loss, initiating the claim process and even issuing checks on the spot.
MOBILE CLAIM HEADQUARTERS LOCATIONS Hattiesburg, MS: Wal-Mart/Sam's Club parking lot at 6080 Hardy Street, Highway 98 West (Hattiesburg, MS 39402) Baton Rouge, LA: Home Depot parking lot at 10300 Coursey Blvd. (Baton Rouge, LA 70816) on corner of Cedarcrest Ave. Gulfport, MS: Crossroads Mall at northeast corner of intersection of I-10 and Highway 49 (Gulfport, MS 39503) Jackson, MS: Dogwood Festival Market Mall, 115 Dogwood Blvd. (Flowood, MS 39232) CLAIM REPORTING INFORMATION Travelers' claim reporting centers are prepared to take claims 24 hours a day, 7 days a week at the toll-free numbers listed below: Travelers or First Floridian Home and Auto Claims: 800.CLAIM33 (800.252.4633) Travelers Flood Claims: 800.356.6663 Travelers Boat/Yacht Claims: 800.772.4482 St. Paul Travelers and Travelers Business Claims: 800.238.6225 St. Paul Business Claims: 800.STPAUL1 (800.787.2851) 


59459 8/25/2005 9/9/2005
Item 7.01  Regulation FD Disclosure.
Property and Physical Damage Reinsurance

In light of the number of inquiries received following Hurricane Katrina, The
St. Paul Travelers Companies, Inc. (the "Company") is providing the following
additional detail regarding its property and physical damage reinsurance
program.

The Company has property and other physical damage treaties that, subject to
certain limitations and aggregate limits contained in the treaties, limit its
Commercial and Specialty loss exposure to $15 million per individual insured
property. For certain of these risks, the Company also has facultative and
other treaty reinsurance that reduces its loss exposure to less than $15
million per individual insured property.

In addition, the Company has a corporate-wide General Catastrophe Reinsurance
Treaty (the "Treaty") with nonaffiliated reinsurers to mitigate its loss
exposure resulting from a single occurrence. The Treaty covers the Company's
property and other physical damage insurance coverages, including U.S. located
insurance coverages underwritten by the Company's Lloyd's operations. For the
accumulation of such losses arising out of a single occurrence, the Treaty
covers approximately 62% of total losses between $750 million and $1 billion
and approximately 72% of total losses between $1 billion and $2 billion. The
Treaty includes a mandatory reinstatement clause that, to the extent the
Treaty is utilized, provides coverage for one additional occurrence for
further consideration. The Treaty excludes nuclear, chemical and biochemical
losses for domestic terrorism and all terrorism losses as defined by the
Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002. The Treaty also excludes insurance
coverages underwritten in the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland, and
non-U.S. located coverages underwritten by the Company's Lloyd's operations,
where separate catastrophe coverage is purchased locally and generally results
in significantly lower net loss exposure levels than in the General
Catastrophe agreement.

The Company conducts an ongoing review of its risk and catastrophe coverages
and makes changes it deems appropriate. For additional information concerning
reinsurance, see the section titled "Reinsurance" in the Company's Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004.


59459 8/25/2005 9/9/2005 
St. Paul Travelers Implements Disaster Relief Billing Plan in Hurricane Katrina Recovery Area
2005-09-09 22:10:00 UTC
HARTFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 9, 2005--St. Paul Travelers (NYSE:STA) is offering payment relief to policyholders in the impacted areas of Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi affected by the severe flooding and damage resulting from Hurricane Katrina.
St. Paul Travelers will continue to insure customers who have been affected by the hurricane if they are temporarily unable to make their insurance payments. St. Paul Travelers has suspended sending billing-related mail to personal and commercial lines policyholders in the impacted areas of Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. This includes regularly scheduled premium notices, notices of cancellations for nonpayment of premium, offers to reinstate, reinstatement notices and refund checks. We have also suspended the application of non-payment cancellation notices.
Customers who need to work out temporary payment arrangements should contact their St. Paul Travelers insurance representative or independent agent. St. Paul Travelers commercial insurance customers can call 800.252.2268 for assistance, and Travelers personal lines customers can call 877.872.4708.
"We are concerned for the welfare of those who live and work in the areas damaged by Hurricane Katrina," said Brian MacLean, chief operating officer for St. Paul Travelers. "We know how important it is to get your life back together as soon as possible after a catastrophe such as this, and we hope our disaster relief plan will help our customers in need."


59459 8/25/2005 9/23/2005

                  ST. PAUL TRAVELERS ISSUES INITIAL ESTIMATE OF
                          LOSSES FROM HURRICANE KATRINA

        Saint Paul, Minn. (September 23, 2005) -- The St. Paul Travelers
Companies, Inc. ("St. Paul Travelers,"  NYSE: STA) announced today that its
preliminary estimate for losses relating to Hurricane Katrina is approximately
$800 million, after tax and after the impact of reinsurance, and including
the cost of reinsurance reinstatement premiums.  The $800 million estimate
assumes a gross loss of $2.5 billion from St. Paul Travelers' Commercial,
Personal and Specialty businesses, including losses arising from its
International and Lloyds operations.

         This preliminary estimate was developed through an analysis of claims
reported and anticipated to be reported, the values of properties in the
affected areas, damage projections estimated by wind force and the presence of
other perils, anticipated costs for demand surge and other factors of
considerable judgment. The reinsurance recoverable portion of the estimate
assumes utilization of the Company's Corporate Catastrophe Treaty and
recoverability under its property and other physical damage treaties and
facultative contracts. After payment of reinstatement premiums, the Company has
coverage for one additional occurrence under its Corporate Catastrophe Treaty
and continuing protection under most of its other treaties.

         Due to the unprecedented nature of this event, including the inability
of the Company and its insureds to access portions of the affected areas, the
complexity of factors contributing to the losses, the legal and regulatory
uncertainties, the preliminary nature of the information available to prepare
these estimates and the potential effects of Hurricane Rita, there can be no
assurance that St. Paul Travelers' ultimate costs associated with Hurricane
Katrina will not exceed these estimates.

         Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jay Fishman said, "In response to
the significant devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina, our primary concern
continues to be for all those individuals impacted by Katrina, including our
customers, agents and brokers, and employees who have been directly and
seriously affected. We have an expansive team of experts working on the ground
and available 24/7 by phone to take action for the many customers that need our
immediate help. Our thoughts are with those who have lost so much and continue
to be affected by Katrina's aftermath."

         All statements in this press release other than statements of
historical facts are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Actual results of matters
addressed in these forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties
and may differ substantially from those expressed or implied. Some of the
factors that could cause actual results to differ are discussed in this press
release and under the heading "Forward-Looking Statements" in the company's most
recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission.




79490 8/25/2005 9/8/2005 
Full House Resorts Reaction to Hurricane Katrina
2005-09-08 20:42:00 UTC
LAS VEGAS, Sept. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Full House Resorts, Inc. (Amex: FLL) ("Full House") is issuing this release in response to the devastation that Hurricane Katrina brought to the New Orleans and Mississippi Gulf Coast region. While Full House has no business being conducted in the area, many of our friends and business acquaintances live and work in that area and our thoughts and prayers are with all of them and the thousands of others displaced by this tragedy. We applaud and congratulate the valiant efforts of all the first-responders and rescue workers who are devoting themselves to the citizens of the area.
Several years ago, Full House was involved in the development of the Hard Rock Casino in Biloxi, however that involvement ceased in 2003. As previously disclosed, Full House is only entitled to a consulting fee payable by Hard Rock Cafe International once the Biloxi casino opens. We have no other financial or management connection to the area, having sold the one parcel of land we owned in 2003.
Andre Hilliou, Chief Executive Officer of Full House, stated, "We have been shocked by the losses suffered in the New Orleans and Biloxi area. All of our prayers go out to everyone affected by this tragedy. While we have no business connection to the area, we can feel the suffering and hope for a speedy and safe recovery for all."



90871 8/25/2005 8/30/2005
Ruth’s Chris Steak House Announces Hurricane Update
 
Metairie, Lousiana Headquarters to Relocate to Orlando, Florida
 
-Restaurant support operations to resume as soon as possible-
 
New Orleans, LA, August 30, 2005 – Ruth’s Chris Steak House, Inc. (Nasdaq: RUTH) today announced that the Company’s Metairie home office support center has been damaged and is without power or communication capability. Effective immediately, certain support personnel will be temporarily relocated to a new regional office in Orlando, Florida, and essential support services will resume as quickly as possible.
 
The Company also announced that its two New Orleans-area restaurants are closed and have suffered wind and flood damage. As of today, it is not possible to establish a timeline for the reopening of these restaurants. The Company’s newest restaurant, located at the Biloxi, Mississippi Hard Rock Hotel & Casino, also suffered significant damage, and its previously announced September 1, 2005 opening date will be delayed until 2006.
 
Ruth’s Chris Steak House is insured for certain of the losses to its facilities and for certain of the losses related to the interruption of its restaurant operations.
 
Craig S. Miller, President and CEO of Ruth’s Chris Steak House stated, “Hurricane Katrina has dealt our beloved city of New Orleans a significant blow. As the Gulf Coast region, the City, and its residents begin the recovery process, the Company is taking steps to resume normalized support services to its restaurants and franchise partners.” Miller continued, “Furthermore, because of communications interruptions we have been unable to reach many of our New Orleans-area employees. We pray for them and the safety of their families. We also ask our business partners for patience and understanding as we move quickly to resume normalized support services.
 
“Shortly after Ruth Fertel opened her very first restaurant in New Orleans in 1965, Hurricane Betsy devastated New Orleans. Ruth responded with determination and compassion for her employees and her community. In the same spirit, we intend to do no less,” concluded Miller.
The Company also announced that its Roseville, California restaurant will open as scheduled next week and that other 2005 scheduled openings are expected to proceed as planned.
 
Dates for the release of the Company’s second quarter financial results will be established next week.
 
?


90871 8/25/2005 9/6/2005
Ruth’s Chris Steak House, Inc. Reports Second Quarter Financial Results
Craig Miller, President and CEO of Ruth’s Chris Steak House, stated, “We have spent the last week evaluating the status of our business and we are pleased to report that progress is being made with regard to our relocation and resuming full support of the Ruth’s Chris system. Although we will incur certain unanticipated, one-time expenses in the third quarter as we deal with the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, we remain confident that the current business momentum and growth prospects for Ruth’s Chris are intact.” Miller continued, “In terms of our second quarter results, we were certainly pleased. Our performance was characterized by solid same store sales growth against tough comparisons in the year-ago period. In addition, we benefited from lower overall commodity costs.”
Mr. Miller concluded, “Excluding our Biloxi, Mississippi restaurant which was scheduled to open on September 1, 2005, we are confident in our ability to execute on our development program for the remainder of the year and for 2006. In fact, despite the unprecedented impact of Katrina, we are as committed as ever to the core values of our founder Ruth Fertel, which stress the utmost care and quality for our guests in the finest tradition of Southern hospitality. Our second quarter results are a product of these values, and our ability to execute under these circumstances will be a testament to her legacy.”
 
Third Quarter Update
 
For the third quarter of 2005, the Company expects to add one new company-owned restaurant and one franchised restaurant, and anticipates comparable store sales growth of 7% to 9%. However, due to the Company’s unanticipated relocation to Orlando, Florida, and some uncertainty regarding the one-time expenses the Company will incur as a result of Hurricane Katrina, Ruth’s Chris management is not prepared to give diluted earnings per share guidance for the period at this time. Rather, management will pre-announce third quarter 2005 results over the next 4 to 6 weeks as more clarity is gained from the extraordinary events of the past week.
 







27562 8/25/2005 9/8/2005
CBRL GROUP, INC. ANNOUNCES INCREASE IN DILUTED NET INCOME PER SHARE FOR                            FISCAL 2005 FOURTH QUARTER
                 Announces Results for Full Year of Fiscal 2005
  Reports Sales for August and Hurricane Katrina Effects
                        Provides Guidance for Fiscal 2006
August Fiscal 2006 Sales and Hurricane Katrina Effects in September

In fiscal  September,  the Company's  operations  were affected  unfavorably  by
Hurricane  Katrina.  As of today,  the Company has lost  approximately  95 store
operating  days due to closings for damages and power  outages,  and four stores
(three Cracker Barrel units and one Logan's  restaurant)  will remain closed for
an as yet  undetermined  time for repairs.  None of the Company's  locations was
destroyed,  and an assessment of total damages,  repairs,  clean-up, lost sales,
and potential  insurance  recoveries is  incomplete,  but the Company  presently
believes  that the impact  will be in the range of one to two cents per  diluted
share in the first quarter.

Fiscal 2006 Earnings Guidance
The Company  provided  guidance  for its first  quarter and full year for fiscal
2006.  As  described  above,  there has been a marked  decline in the  Company's
recent  sales  trends,  especially  in retail,  which the  Company  believes  is
attributable to consumer  behavior  surrounding  the recent rapid  escalation in
gasoline prices and possibly other pressures on discretionary  income (including
higher  mortgage  payments  and car  payments).  Additional  softening  occurred
following  Hurricane Katrina.  At this time there is no way to be assured of the
continuing  magnitude or duration of these trends, and the Company cautions that
its guidance therefore reflects an unusual amount of uncertainty.

Commenting on the Company's  guidance,  Woodhouse  said, "As one would expect in
the aftermath of such a catastrophic event as Hurricane Katrina,  our outlook is
highly  uncertain at this time,  and we expect  challenges  for some time in our
industry  until  consumer  sentiment  and  spending  strengthen.  We continue to
believe that our brands are well  positioned for growth and will benefit from an
improving  consumer spending  outlook.  While we are working to develop plans to
address ongoing issues in our retail business,  we are striving at the same time
to evaluate new initiatives that we think have potential to generate incremental
improvements  in  our  restaurant  operations  and  support  achievement  of our
long-term objectives."


62148 8/25/2005 9/1/2005
CSX Reroutes Rail Traffic Around Storm Area, Outlines Impact to Railroad in Gulf Coast Region
2005-09-01 19:51:00 UTC
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Sept. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- CSX Corporation (NYSE: CSX) said today that it is continuing freight transportation service to customers outside of the immediate Gulf Coast storm area by rerouting rail traffic through its well-established western gateways, including East St. Louis, Ill., Memphis, Tenn., and Montgomery, Ala., as well as through its various TRANSFLO and Intermodal facilities.
The most severe storm impact is concentrated on the 100-mile CSX route between Pascagoula, Miss., and New Orleans, including several bridges. Repair work has already begun and will take some time to complete.
"Like all companies with operations in the storm area, our primary concern is locating and assisting our approximately 300 employees and beginning the recovery process," said Michael Ward, chairman, president and chief executive officer.
"The physical impact to our rail infrastructure, while significant, is confined to a relatively small segment of our 22,000-mile network. The flexibility of our system allows us to continue service beyond the heavily impacted areas, and the strong fundamentals and outlook for CSX remain intact," said Ward.
In the third quarter, CSX expects some business interruptions and additional costs due to rerouting and rebuilding efforts. At this time, the company expects that insurance over its self-insured retention of $25 million will be adequate to cover expenses and capital costs of rebuilding.
"CSX has been a citizen of the Gulf Coast region for many decades and extends its deepest sympathies to the people affected," said Ward. "As we have done many times before in other areas, we will work closely with our customers, employees and communities to help restore economic vitality to the region."


62148 8/25/2005 9/8/2005
CSX Prepays Property Taxes to Assist in Storm Relief; Providing Jobs, Assistance for Storm-Affected Employees
2005-09-08 19:30:00 UTC
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Sept. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- CSX Corporation (NYSE: CSX) announced today that it is prepaying approximately $600,000 in property taxes to Hancock, Harrison and Jackson counties in Mississippi to assist with urgent cash needs related to Hurricane Katrina. The company is also pledging to do the same in affected Louisiana and Alabama counties where it has operations.
"We are grateful to CSX for this very helpful assistance at a time of great need," said Wayne Brown, Southern District Commissioner of the Mississippi State Department of Transportation. "The CSX tax prepayment represents a model of cooperation that other able companies can follow. With the public and private sectors working together, we will rebuild from this crisis. "
For its approximately 300 Gulf Coast employees most affected by the hurricane, CSX is providing guaranteed pay and benefits through September, as well as temporary job assignments at other locations. In addition, the company to date has committed $600,000 to $700,000 in employee and community assistance through efforts including, but not limited to:
* an additional $1,000 payment for each affected employee to assist with urgent needs.
* a $1,250-per-month living allowance for employees on temporary job assignment.
* a minimum of $300,000 in additional employee and community assistance. This includes a $125,000 contribution to the company's Employee Disaster Relief Fund (EDRF), a $125,000 contribution to the American Red Cross relief efforts, and an additional dollar-for-dollar match to employee contributions made to both funds. Employee contributions to those funds currently exceed $80,000. The EDRF, a 501(c)3 organization, was established to help employees affected by the 1992 Hurricane Andrew in South Florida.
* transportation of canned food, clothing and emergency supplies by truck to Alabama and Mississippi.
"We are actively supporting CSX people and their neighbors in the areas hard hit by Hurricane Katrina," said Michael Ward, CSX chairman, president and chief executive officer. "We look forward to hearing from every one of our employees as soon as possible and will continue to join hands with other members of the business community, government and charitable organizations to provide assistance at this difficult time."
CSX has established a resource center (1-800-633-4067) to put employees in the most severely damaged areas in touch with the help they need. The company also has established a Hurricane Katrina-related web page on http://www.csx.com .
Hurricane Katrina caused significant damage to a confined area of the CSX rail network in Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. Repair work already has begun, and the company has rerouted rail traffic to ensure customer service.


62148 8/25/2005 9/15/2005 
CSX Updates Storm Impact on Gulf Coast
2005-09-15 18:26:00 UTC
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Sept. 15 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- CSX Corporation (NYSE: CSX) said today it is continuing to effectively provide rail service to its customers through the previously announced rerouting of traffic around storm-affected areas of the Gulf Coast.
"The flexibility of our network has enabled us to respond quickly to the needs of our customers whose freight normally travels across the affected area," said Tony Ingram, executive vice president and chief operating officer. "Service to local customers will also be restored as repairs are made in phases over an estimated six-month period. The rerouted trains will be brought back to the original lines when all major repairs are completed."
The company's limits for insurance coverage exceed the expenses anticipated from the storm, which are currently estimated to be $250 million. These estimated expenses include the capital costs of rebuilding the rail infrastructure, losses from business interruption, and other costs associated with the storm damage. As previously announced, CSX has a $25 million self- insured retention.
The company currently estimates third-quarter losses associated with business interruption and other costs will negatively impact operating income by around $25 million. While management expects losses above the retention will be covered, certain insurance recoveries related to business interruption losses will not be recognized in the company's operating results until cash is received over the next several months.
The company continues to assess the operating and financial impacts of Hurricane Katrina and will outline these in more detail in its third-quarter earnings announcement in late October.


76684 8/25/2005 8/31/2005 
Hancock Bank Activates Business Recovery Procedures in Aftermath of Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-31 19:17:00 UTC
BATON ROUGE, La., Aug. 31 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Hancock Bank has activated its business recovery plan to restore critical operations impacted by Hurricane Katrina -- a category four storm that hit the Mississippi and Louisiana Gulf Coast on Monday, August 29, 2005.
Hancock's recovery team is working around the clock to insure the integrity of critical business operations. Corporate headquarters has been temporarily relocated to Hancock Bank of Louisiana corporate offices in Baton Rouge for the duration of the recovery effort. Facility damage assessments are in process, and Hancock management reports that several branch locations in selected markets were open for business on Tuesday, August 30, 2005. Additional branches will reopen as power is restored and the facilities are certified ready for occupancy.
According to George A. Schloegel, Vice Chairman and CEO, "While the damage associated with Katrina is significant throughout the Mississippi and Southeastern Louisiana markets, our commitment to be open and ready to serve our customers is in full effect. We are working diligently to insure the safety of our Hancock associates and their families, teaming with local authorities and vendors to get damaged facilities back in operation, and activating our back-up systems to restore service to the over 200,000 customers that depend on Hancock Bank to meet a broad range of financial needs.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with all who have been affected by this storm. Helping customers rebuild in the wake of natural disasters like Katrina is a tradition dating back to the early 1900's, and today's generation of Hancock associates stand ready, willing and able to deliver on that commitment."
For information regarding the status of specific branch locations or for customer's who may want to verify the status of their Hancock Bank account, please call one of the following numbers:
Mississippi Customers: 1-800-448-8812 Louisiana Customers: 1-800-256-4636 Florida Customers: 1-800-726-0920 About Hancock Bank


76684 8/25/2005 9/4/2005 
Hancock Bank to Open More Than 45 Branches on Labor Day
2005-09-04 21:56:00 UTC
BATON ROUGE, La., Sept. 4 /PRNewswire/ -- Hancock Bank is scheduled to open more than 45 of its 103 branches on Labor Day as the company continues help Gulf Coast citizens with their recovery efforts from Hurricane Katrina.
"We want to assure the community that we have faced difficult circumstances in the past, the most notable being Hurricane Camille, and we have always responded. That will be the case again as together we will rebuild," said Leo W. Seal, Jr., Hancock's Chairman. "Hancock Bank commends the entire community for its outstanding volunteerism and hard work during these trying times, and employees of Hancock Bank are committed to helping Mississippi and Louisiana recover."
Hancock Bank officials on Friday announced that six Mississippi branches would be open Labor Day to assist customers with their banking and financial needs. That number was later increased to 16, with the number on Monday expected to exceed more than 45 branches in Mississippi and Louisiana.
The branches will open at 9 a.m. and close at 4 p.m. The locations include 16 in South Mississippi -- including the Gulf Coast -- and more than 30 branches in Louisiana that are certified ready for occupancy.
Additionally, Hancock Bank has established phone lines for customers to call for assistance. For information regarding the status of specific branch locations or for customer's who may want to verify the status of their Hancock Bank account, please call one of the following numbers:
Mississippi Customers: 1-800-448-8812 Louisiana Customers: 1-800-256-4636 Florida Customers: 1-800-726-0920 These lines will be open from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. daily. About Hancock Bank


76684 8/25/2011 9/6/2005 
Billions In Aid and Investment Bound for Coast

Hancock Bank CEO: "Coast will be rebuilt much better than it was."

BATON ROUGE, La. (September 6, 2005) - The Mississippi Gulf Coast and areas of Louisiana impacted by Hurricane Katrina will receive unprecedented financial resources for recovery and rebuilding efforts, the CEO of Hancock Bank said Tuesday.

                                       Hancock Holding Company
                                       Common Dividend Payment
                                         Date September 15

                      Leo W. Seal, Jr., president of Hancock Holding Company,
                      announced today that Hancock's previously announced dividend
                      increase of $.03 per share, or 18%, will be paid on
                      September 15, 2005 to holders of record as of
                      September 6, 2005.  Hancock's quarterly common dividend
                      will increase from $.165 per share to $.195 per share.
                      Hancock reports banking operations are returning
                      to normal status following Hurricane Katrina.

"We are seeing the highest concentration of financial resources in the history of the United States
flowing into the Mississippi Gulf Coast, parts of Louisiana and New Orleans," said George Schloegel, CEO of
Hancock Bank, a banking mainstay of the Mississippi Gulf Coast since 1899.

Schloegel, speaking from the bank's temporary operations center in Baton Rouge, said although the
devastation and suffering from Hurricane Katrina may be the worst in the nation's history, the financial
resources being rallied for re-building are equally historic. Funds for recovery, aid, re-building and new
construction will help restore local economies and create jobs.

         "President Bush and Congress have committed billions of dollars in recovery funds," Schloegel said.
"(Mississippi) Governor (Haley) Barbour and Legislators have made commitments from the state of Mississippi."

         Schloegel said insurance companies daily are disbursing funds to affected policy-holders which total in the millions of dollars, along with the financial relief dollars coming from FEMA (Federal Emergency Management Agency), Red Cross, SBA (Small Business Administration), Salvation Army and other organizations.

         "All these dollars are being re-plowed into the local economy along the Coast and this accomplishes the maximum multiplier effect for bolstering consumer and construction industries," he said. "We also have commitments for untold dollars coming from Americans reaching out from across the country, along with major financial commitments from our friends abroad (other countries)."

         Schloegel said the influx of financial assistance will help speed up recovery and rebuilding efforts. He said Hancock Bank, which was forced to move its operations temporarily, has successfully completed its company recovery and has resumed almost normal processing status.

         "We've been through this before when the area was hit by Hurricane Camille," Schloegel said. "Hancock Bank has been a part of this community throughout its history, and we will help our citizens to overcome this as we have done before."

         Thanks to a company plan for recovering quickly after such an event, Hancock has already re-opened 64 branches that had been affected by the hurricane, including 41 in Louisiana and 23 in Mississippi's hardest-hit areas. The bank re-opened several of its branches almost immediately within 24 hours after the storm and has had facilities open continuously, including on Labor Day.

         Hancock officials are presently contemplating measures to assist customers by granting loan extensions and fee waivers. Schloegel said banking operations are presently focused on assisting customers with critical needs.
         "The Mississippi and Louisiana Coast will be back, thanks to an indomitable spirit among the people who live here," Shloegel said. "The Coast will be rebuilt much better than it was."


76684 8/25/2005 9/9/2005 
Hancock Announces Hurricane Assistance Programs and Updates Branch Openings

Bank will waive certain fees and charges to assist customers

BATON ROUGE, La. (September 9, 2005) - Hancock Holding Company CEO and Vice-Chairman George A. Schloegel today announced a broad-based program of special disaster relief for customers in areas affected by Hurricane Katrina.
Measures include reductions and waivers of various fees as well as rebate offers to assist customers in ravaged areas.

         "Hancock Bank has a 106-year tradition of standing by our customers and the communities in which they live and work in good times and bad times," Schloegel said.  "To support our friends in this time of need, we are announcing a program of assistance that will help our customers get back on their feet as soon as possible.  This program will provide individuals and businesses with immediate relief so that we can all begin the difficult task of re-building our lives and businesses."

Hancock's Disaster Relief Program

Hancock's disaster relief program focuses on waiving certain deposit-related fees and terms as well as special services for loan customers. Highlights of the program include:
Waive and/or rebate charges for customers using other banks' ATMs in areas affected by Hurricane Katrina
Waive and/or rebate fees for domestic wire transfers transmitted from Monday, August 29, through Friday September 9, 2005
Waive Internet Bill Pay fees until further notice
Affected customers who need to reorder checks should call 1-800-355-8123 (reference code  L3)
Hancock Bank will work with customers who have special needs related to certificate of deposits that        have not yet matured and customers who are overdrawn due to circumstances created by Hurricane Katrina

In addition, Hancock will work with our mortgage customers in areas affected by the Hurricane to
minimize or prevent delinquencies, based on investor guidelines.  Hancock will also work closely with our consumer and commercial customers in affected areas to determine if they qualify for payment and/or maturity date extensions.

Hancock is also offering special "Together We Rebuild" discounted rates on new direct consumer
installment loans.

Branch Openings and Bank Operations

Hancock reported today that 76 full-service banking facilities were open for business, including 29 branches in
Mississippi, 42 branches in Louisiana, and all five of the Company's branches in Florida.  Hancock operates 103
full-service banking facilities throughout Mississippi, Louisiana and Florida.

         Hancock Holding Company President Leo W. Seal stated, "Hancock was able to open several branches the
morning after the Hurricane due to the successful implementation of our disaster recovery plan and through the
efforts of our dedicated associates."










?
76684 8/25/2005 9/13/2005 
HANCOCK HOLDING COMPANY PROVIDES HURRICANE BUSINESS RECOVERY UPDATE

BATON ROUGE, La.  (September 13, 2005) - Senior  Management of Hancock Holding  Company,  the parent company of Hancock  Bank,  will  provide a live  overview of its  Hurricane  Katrina  business  recovery  efforts on Wednesday,  September 14, 2005 at 1:00 p.m.  Central Time.  The event will be accessible  through the bank's website  (www.hancockbank.com) and Vcall's Investor Calendar  (www.investorcalendar.com).  For those who are unable to attend the  webcast,  you may dial in and listen to the live  conference  call (877)  407-0783 for persons  calling  from within the U.S. or Canada,  and the number for  international  callers  will be (201) 689-8564.  A telephone  replay will be available two hours following  completion of the webcast.  The replay is accessible to callers from the U.S. and Canada at (877)  660-6853 and to  international  callers at (201) 612-7415. Enter the account number: 286 and conference ID number: 169117.




77053 8/25/2005 8/28/2005 
Whitney National Bank Offices in Areas of Louisiana in the Path of Hurricane Katrina Will Be Closed on Monday, August 29, 2005
2005-08-28 17:16:00 UTC
NEW ORLEANS, Aug. 28 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Whitney National Bank offices in Greater New Orleans and other areas of South Louisiana and Mississippi in the path of Hurricane Katrina will be closed on Monday, August 29, 2005. Whitney branches located in areas not affect by the storm will observe normal hours. Decisions on hours of operation following the storm will be made as more information becomes available.
"As always, our first concern is the safety of our customers and employees," said Robert C. Baird, EVP Louisiana Banking. "In deciding to close locations, we want everyone to have enough time to protect themselves, their families and their homes."
Customers have the option of using our ATM network, Whitney Online Banking and BillPay, as well as banking by telephone (1-800-844-4450). For information on ATM locations or to open an account, please visit http://www.whitneybank.com.


77053 8/25/2005 8/31/2005 
Whitney National Bank Announces Branch Openings as Well as Those Which Will Remain Closed as a Result of Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-31 18:51:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Aug. 31 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Due to Hurricane Katrina, Whitney National Bank's senior management team has temporarily relocated to Houston, Texas, where back up support functions are operational. Whitney National Bank branches in markets not affected by the storm are open as usual. Markets where branches are fully operational include all of Florida; all of Texas; central Alabama (greater Montgomery, Greenville); all Baldwin county branches; the following locations in the Mobile area (Beltline, Saraland, and Airport-Schillinger); South Central Louisiana (Morgan City, Lafayette, Lake Charles and Baton Rouge). In addition, specific branch locations in South Louisiana near Houma (main office and drive up facilities at the Tunnel branch), Raceland, Donaldsonville and New Iberia are open.
Branches in market areas which were directly hit by the storm remain closed pending directives from local authorities and damage assessment. These markets include Greater New Orleans and Mississippi. As local conditions allow, branches in these locations will open wherever possible.
Clients who may have evacuated impacted areas and are unable to reach their local branch may visit any nearby Whitney branch which is open. They may also continue to use our ATM network as well as other ATMs displaying the Cirrus or Pulse logos. Whitney credit cards and check cards are operational. In addition, clients may call 1-877-611-9448 to speak with a Whitney Banker. Business clients should also call this number and will be referred to commercial bankers who have temporarily relocated to Houston. Updated information and announcements as well as access to BillPay, our online bill payment service, may be obtained on our website, at http://www.whitneybank.com .
Whitney Bank has had a detailed disaster recovery plan for many years. The plan includes longstanding arrangements with large national companies to provide computer and check processing services at secure locations in Chicago and Atlanta. In addition, Whitney has activated its pre-positioned backup headquarters in Houston, Texas. Key staff from New Orleans have assembled in Houston and are working there. Most banking functions are now operational and Whitney expects the balance of its usual banking services to be fully operational shortly.


?
77053 8/25/2005 9/1/2005 
Whitney Holding Corporation: Hurricane Katrina Update
2005-09-02 00:31:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Whitney Holding Corporation and Whitney National Bank announce additional branch re-openings and other customer service improvements.
Whitney is pleased to announce the re-opening of four more branches on Thursday, in Houma (Summerfield branch), Thibodaux and Gonzales (these are all Louisiana branches) and in Mobile, Alabama (Dauphin 65 Branch) that had closed during Hurricane Katrina. This brings the total number of open branches located from Tampa, Florida to Houston, Texas to more than 70 branches. A complete description of open branches appears at the end of this release and the addresses and local telephone numbers of these branches are available on http://whitneybank.com. Consumer and business customers may also call Whitney's toll-free customer service line at 1-877-611-9448 for information about branches and their accounts. Whitney's BillPay service is operational on http://whitneybank.com. Consumers not currently using BillPay who desire to sign up for this service, which permits consumers to pay their bills using their personal computers, should click on the Personal BillPay link on http://whitneybank.com and follow the sign up instructions. Whitney expects to restore full online banking features and its automated telephone banking service shortly. To assist its customers, Whitney is waiving its usual fee imposed when Whitney customers use non-Whitney ATMs (however, ATM owners may assess their own fees).
Whitney Bank continues the implementation of its detailed disaster recovery plan, which included the temporary movement of its headquarters and operations center to Houston, Texas. The plan includes longstanding arrangements with large national companies to provide computer and check processing services at secure locations in Chicago and Atlanta. Through the use of these arrangements, Whitney is current in its processing of checks, deposits and other transactions affecting customer deposit accounts.
For our business customers, Whitney is up-to-date in its processing of Automated Clearing House (ACH) files, including ACH payroll files used to pay our business customers' employees displaced by Hurricane Katrina. For business customers using our lockbox services, we have arranged to divert incoming mail to our Houston location for processing.


77053 8/25/2005 9/7/2005 
Whitney National Bank Announces Continued Progress in Its Plan to Deal With Hurricane Katrina
2005-09-07 17:24:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 7 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Whitney National Bank's Management Team, operating from temporary headquarters located in one of the Bank's larger Houston branch locations, announced continued progress in its plan to restore normal banking operations to areas impacted by Hurricane Katrina. During the past twenty-four hours, four of eight branches have reopened in Southern Mississippi, 10 of 11 in Southern Alabama are open and others on the Northshore of Greater New Orleans are becoming operational as power is restored. These were among the areas most heavily impacted by the storm.
William L. Marks, Whitney's Chief Executive Officer noted that some key executive personnel have temporarily located to the company's offices in Houston as the Bank works to continue operations and provide our customers with the highest levels of banking products, services, and customer service.
"Whitney National Bank's operations are very stable and the Bank is working diligently to reopen all closed branches, informing customers as the reopenings occur," said Mr. Marks. "The support we have received from our Houston bankers has been outstanding. Our disaster recovery plan has been in place for many years and continues to serve us well."
"We are pleased with the progress we're making with our recovery plan," said R. King Milling, President. "We expect to return to our New Orleans headquarters as soon as conditions allow. Our Whitney Bankers are eager to get back to work in every community we serve. The Whitney has been an integral part of Louisiana for more than 120 years. We are committed to rebuilding New Orleans and the communities in all of our markets impacted by this terrible storm."
Hurricane Katrina evacuees can conduct business at any operating Whitney branch and can access their Whitney BillPay services online at http://www.whitneybank.com . In addition, customer service is available toll- free at 1.877.611.9448. Whitney's fees for using non-Whitney National Bank ATMs are being waived. Direct deposit services utilized by both businesses and consumers continue to be processed at the Bank's recovery processing center.


77053 8/25/2005 9/9/2005 
Whitney National Bank Announces Hurricane Assistance Loan and Payment Relief Programs
2005-09-09 12:57:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 9 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Helping our communities is a Whitney tradition. In order to assist victims of Hurricane Katrina in affected areas of Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi, the Whitney is offering a special Hurricane Assistance Loan, as well as a Payment Relief Program for victims of the storm.
HURRICANE ASSISTANCE LOAN
"As some of our markets recover from Hurricane Katrina, we recognize there is an immediate need for financial assistance," said William L. Marks, CEO and Chairman of the Board. "The objective of this loan program is to provide individuals with an interim source of funds to begin recovery until their insurance claims can be processed."
The program offers individuals a 90-day single payment loan at 7% Annual Percentage Rate with no fees. A 90-day single payment loan means there is no repayment requirement for 90 days, during which time most insurance claims should be processed. At that time, the insurance proceeds can be used to repay the loans. Anyone interested in applying for Whitney's Hurricane Assistance Loan should visit any Whitney Bank or apply online at http://whitneybank.com.
PAYMENT RELIEF PROGRAM
"Our Hurricane Assistance Loan will help alleviate some of the financial stresses during the recovery period, but we plan on going the extra mile at the Whitney," said Whitney National Bank President R. King Milling. "All of our consumer loan customers will automatically receive a 90-day deferral from payments through our Payment Relief Program. As the recovery continues, visit http://whitneybank.com for updates on the Payment Relief Program."
Whitney's Payment Relief Program includes an automatic deferral of payments for all consumer loan products in affected areas of Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi. Automatic payments from checking accounts related to these loans will also be suspended. Additional benefits include no late payment fees or credit reporting. Consumers with first mortgage home loans serviced by Whitney may request a deferral of first mortgage loan payments for up to three months. Business Banking clients also have a Payment Relief Program available. Mortgage and Business Banking customers should visit http://whitneybank.com for more details.
For continuous updates to branch openings/closings, loan programs, frequently asked questions and other hurricane-related information, visit whitneybank.com.
Whitney Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: WTNY), through its banking subsidiary Whitney National Bank, serves the five-state Gulf Coast region stretching from Houston, Texas; across southern Louisiana and the coastal region of Mississippi; to central and south Alabama; the panhandle of Florida; and the Tampa Bay metropolitan area of Florida.
Normal credit criteria apply. Member FDIC.
Hurricane Loan Assistance Program: Offer valid in Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi only. Principal and interest due at maturity. For example, your payment due in 90 days would be $1,017.26 per $1,000 borrowed. Other restrictions may apply. Limited time offer. Consumer purpose only. Must provide copy of insurance claim. Maximum loan amount $10,000.
Payment Relief Program: Applies to Whitney Bank consumer borrowers in Alabama, Louisiana and Mississippi with zip codes beginning with 700, 701, 703, 704, 365, 366, 394, 395, 396. Individual cases not addressed by this policy will be handled on an individual basis.


77053 8/25/2005 9/9/2005 
Whitney National Bank Hurricane Katrina Update: Additional Offices Open
2005-09-09 22:36:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 9 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Whitney National Bank announced this afternoon that it has opened two additional branches in the Northshore community, just outside of New Orleans, Louisiana. The Mandeville Branch in Mandeville and the East Gause Branch in Slidell now have operational drive-through lanes. The Highway 190 Branch in Covington opened their drive-through lane earlier this week.
This brings the number of total locations opened to 108 out of 148. The remaining closed locations are largely concentrated in areas where authorities have denied access. Evacuated banking clients are being served through open locations throughout the Gulf South, as well as the Whitney ATM network and http://www.whitneybank.com .
"Through the combined efforts of our Whitney Bankers, local utility companies and numerous volunteers, we are very close to having the entire Northshore community up and running," said L. Biff Motley, Whitney Senior Vice President. "For our clients, knowing their Whitney Banker is back at the branch will help relieve some of the stress and anxiety that comes from the current situation. By opening our branches quickly, we know it will restore confidence in the affected communities."
For continuous updates to branch openings/closings, loan programs, frequently asked questions and other hurricane-related information, visit http://www.whitneybank.com .


77053 8/25/2005 9/20/2005 
Whitney National Bank Hurricane Katrina Update: More Offices Open in New Orleans Area
2005-09-20 17:57:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Whitney National Bank has added the following branches to those already open in the Greater New Orleans area: * Clearview Branch, located at 2200 Clearview Parkway in Metairie * Elmwood Branch at 5200 Mounes Street in Jefferson, Louisiana * Harahan Branch, located at 6318 Jefferson Highway in Harahan * Belle Chasse at 8300 Highway 23 in Belle Chasse, Louisiana * Airport Branch, located at Louis Armstrong International Airport * Lapalco Branch, located at 2340 Lapalco Blvd., Harvey, Louisiana * Driftwood Branch, 3509 Williams Boulevard in Kenner, Louisiana * Slidell Branch, 1338 Gause Boulevard in Slidell, Louisiana
This brings the number of total locations opened to 113 out of 148 including all five locations on the North Shore. Evacuated banking clients are being served through open locations throughout the Gulf South, as well as the Whitney ATM network and http://www.whitneybank.com .
"We're reopening offices as local conditions permit," said David F. Andignac, Senior Vice President, New Orleans Regional Executive. "It is truly gratifying to watch the Whitney and other surrounding businesses come back to life and begin to rebuild our communities."
For continuous updates to branch openings/closings, loan programs, frequently asked questions and other hurricane-related information, visit http://www.whitneybank.com .


90038 8/25/2005 8/26/2005 
Assurant Specialty Property Companies Announce Weekend Hours to Service Claims From Victims of Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-26 21:32:00 UTC
ATLANTA, Aug. 26 /PRNewswire/ -- Assurant Specialty Property insurance companies will open their toll-free claims service lines on Saturday, Aug. 27, and Sunday, Aug. 28 to accept claims reports from victims of Hurricane Katrina.
- Policyholders of American Bankers Insurance Company of Florida and Voyager Property & Casualty Insurance Company should call 1.800.358.0600. Special weekend hours are 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., Eastern. Regular service hours are 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern, Monday through Friday. - Policyholders of American Security Insurance Company and Standard Guaranty Insurance Company should call 1.800.326.2845. Special weekend hours are 8 a.m. to 5 p.m., Eastern. Regular service hours are 8 a.m. to 8 p.m., Eastern, Monday through Friday. - Policyholders of American Reliable Insurance Company and Voyager Indemnity Insurance Company should call 1.800.245.1505. Customer service representatives are now available on a 24/7 basis. Regular service hours are 5:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m., Pacific, Monday through Friday.
Assurant Specialty Property said its companies have mobilized the resources necessary to fully support their customers at this difficult time. Homeowners who suffer a loss are encouraged to call the appropriate toll-free claims service line as soon as possible to schedule inspections of their properties.


90038 8/25/2005 9/22/2005 
Assurant Purchases Additional Reinsurance Coverage
2005-09-22 12:33:00 UTC
NEW YORK, Sept. 22 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Assurant, Inc. ("Assurant" or the "company") (NYSE: AIZ), a premier provider of specialty insurance and insurance-related products and services, announced that it has purchased additional reinsurance coverage as part of its catastrophic reinsurance program.
The company is still assessing the total amount of claims related to Hurricane Katrina; however, its reinsurance coverage goes up to $210 million of total loss, or $185 million in excess of a $25 million deductible. The company expects claims from Hurricane Katrina to fall within reinsurance coverage limits.
As part of the current program, the company has an automatic reinstatement for a second event under the same terms as the first event.
Due to the unusually active hurricane season, the company recently purchased coverage for a third event under similar terms to the current program. This coverage also has an automatic reinstatement feature for a fourth event.
In addition, the company's catastrophic reinsurance program has aggregate reinsurance coverage of up to $20 million for claims paid in excess of $25 million on multiple qualifying events. A qualifying event is a catastrophe where the company pays at least $5 million.
The company notes, that its reinsurance program may differ in future years.
Some of the statements included in this press release, particularly the company's assessment of its exposure to claims from Hurricane Katrina or a potential second catastrophe, may be forward-looking statements that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. For those statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Among the factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially are the following: the final assessment of damages from Hurricane Katrina and the amount of related claims for which the company is responsible; the level of damage and the related claims from a second or third catastrophe; and other risk factors identified from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Any forward-looking statements set forth in this press release speak only as of the date of this press release. We do not undertake to update any of these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date hereof. This press release and prior releases are available at http://www.assurant.com. The information found on our website is not incorporated by reference into this press release and is included for reference purposes only.


84738 8/25/2005 9/8/2005 
                  GS FINANCIAL CORP. AND GUARANTY SAVINGS
         ANNOUNCE LIMITED RESUMPTION OF OPERATIONS IN MANDEVILLE

Metairie, Louisiana - (September 8, 2005) - GS Financial Corp. (the "Company") (Nasdaq/NMS: GSLA) and its subsidiary, Guaranty Savings and Homestead Association (the "Association"), announced that they have resumed limited banking operations at their Mandeville branch office located at 2111 N. Causeway Boulevard, Mandeville, Louisiana (Phone Numbers (985) 626-6229 or (504) 457-6237).  Currently our main office and branch office in Metairie appear to have sustained minor damage from Hurricane Katrina and are expected to reopen once the civil evacuation order for Jefferson Parish is lifted.  Our New Orleans branch office, of which no assessment has yet been made but which presumably has incurred significant damage, currently is closed and remains subject to the civil evacuation order which is in effect in Orleans Parish.  We will post updated information on our web site, www.gsha.com, as it becomes available. 

64311 1/6/2005 1/7/2005 
Norfolk Southern Statement Concerning Claims Release Language
2005-01-08 00:22:00 UTC
GRANITEVILLE, S.C., Jan. 7 /PRNewswire/ -- Norfolk Southern Railway Co. today issued the following statement from Robert A. Wells, its general manager of casualty claims, regarding the handling of claims associated with the Jan. 6 accident here:
Shortly following the Jan. 6, 2005, derailment and evacuation at Graniteville, S.C., Norfolk Southern Railway Co. established a temporary emergency Local Assistance Center to expedite the handling and payment of certain expenses and losses incurred by citizens impacted by the accident and subsequent evacuation. It is our intent through the settlement of claims involving incidental expenses, inconvenience, evacuation costs and substantiated property damage to ease the impact of the accident and evacuation on the community.
Recently there has been an inquiry about the scope of the release language associated with endorsement of the settlement check. This is to confirm that, as indicated by Norfolk Southern claims personnel, settlements of such claims for incidental expenses, inconvenience, evacuation costs and property damage claims, where we have utilized endorsement checks, does not preclude submission of personal injury claims, claims for subsequently incurred incidental expenses, and unforeseen property damage claims in the future.
All claims will be addressed on an individual basis and will be handled by the local Norfolk Southern claims office. Claims should continue to be presented at our Local Assistance Center in Aiken while it remains open, and thereafter to:
Mr. Thomas Tate Mr. Doug Shoun Senior Claim Agent District Claim Agent Norfolk Southern Railway Norfolk Southern Railway 1770 Andrews Road 1914 North Tyron St. Columbia SC 29201 Charlotte NC 28206 (803) 733-3993 (704) 378-3890 (803) 733-3936 (fax) (704) 378-3767 (fax)
Again, Norfolk Southern regrets any problems experienced by the community and will continue to make every reasonable effort to address citizen concerns and claims as quickly as possible. We thank those who have cooperated with and aided our efforts to address this unfortunate incident.


64311 1/6/2005 1/14/2005 
Statement From David R. Goode, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Norfolk Southern Corporation, Regarding Graniteville, South Carolina
2005-01-14 16:30:00 UTC
NORFOLK, Va., Jan. 14 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- The following is a statement from David R. Goode, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Norfolk Southern Corporation:
The site of the January 6 accident has been substantially cleared, and remediation and restoration are under way. On behalf of all of the Norfolk Southern family, I want to restate our commitment to the citizens of Graniteville and Aiken County to do everything in our power to help them recover.
We again offer our deepest sympathy to the families of those who lost their lives including one of our employees, our wishes for a speedy recovery to those who were injured, and our sincere apology for the hardship and inconvenience caused by this accident.
Finally, this past week is a testament to the strength of the people of Graniteville and Aiken County. Citizens, families, emergency personnel, relief organizations, businesses and government leaders all have reacted with decisive leadership, expert knowledge and compassion. All of us at Norfolk Southern are enormously appreciative of their efforts, and we will continue to support them in every way possible throughout the recovery process.


64311 1/6/2005 1/24/2005 
NORFOLK SOUTHERN ESTIMATES GRANITEVILLE COSTS
NORFOLK, VA - Norfolk Southern Corporation (NYSE: NSC) said it expects the first quarter 2005 to reflect expenses in the range of $30 to $40 million (pretax) relating to the Jan. 6 derailment at Graniteville, S.C.  
The amount includes Norfolk Southern's self-insurance retention under its insurance policies, as well as other uninsured costs. Although potential losses may exceed self-insurance retention amounts, NS expects at this time that insurance coverage is adequate to cover the potential claims or settlements.  The amount does not include any fines or penalties that could be imposed.
Norfolk Southern Corporation is one of the nation's premier transportation companies. Its Norfolk Southern Railway subsidiary operates 21,500 route miles in 22 states, the District of Columbia and Ontario, Canada, serving every major container port in the eastern United States and providing superior connections to western rail carriers. NS operates the most extensive intermodal network in the East and is North America's largest rail carrier of automotive parts and finished vehicles.



11641 1/6/2005 1/6/2005 
Air Methods Corporation Confirms Fatal Accident
2005-01-06 18:57:00 UTC
DENVER, Jan. 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Air Methods Corporation (Nasdaq: AIRM), reported today that its Eurocopter AS-350 single engine helicopter, based in Tupelo, Mississippi, crashed late Wednesday night. At the time of the accident, the pilot of the aircraft was the only person on-board. The pilot suffered fatal injuries.
The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is responding to the scene of the accident along with Company officials. The cause of the accident has not yet been determined as the NTSB is in the early stages of its investigation.
"We extend our sincere condolences to the family and friends of our colleague," said Aaron Todd, chief executive officer of Air Methods Corporation.


11641 1/10/2005 1/11/2005 
Air Methods Corporation Confirms Fatal Accident in Virginia
2005-01-11 19:07:00 UTC
DENVER, Jan. 11 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Air Methods Corporation (Nasdaq: AIRM), reported today that a Eurocopter EC-135 twin-engine helicopter based in Stafford County, Virginia and operated by its LifeNet subsidiary crashed late Monday night after delivering a patient in the Washington D.C. area. The paramedic received fatal injuries and the pilot is presumed dead. The nurse received serious injuries, but is expected to recover. No other passengers were on board.
The helicopter was new and had been placed in service during the previous year. The wreckage was located in the Potomac River. While the surviving crew member believed that the aircraft had contacted an object during flight, the cause of the accident is still under investigation. The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) has responded to the scene of the accident. Company officials are on site and extending full cooperation and support to the investigation.
"We are deeply saddened by the loss of our crew members and extend our heartfelt condolences to their families. We also wish our flight nurse a speedy and full recovery," said Aaron Todd, chief executive officer of Air Methods Corporation.


47175 2/16/2005 2/16/2005 
Statement by Circuit City Stores, Inc.
2005-02-16 18:11:00 UTC
RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 16 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Circuit City Stores, Inc. confirms that a plane registered to the company has crashed in Colorado. The plane carried eight passengers, four of whom were employees of the company. No officers of the company were on board. The company will not make further comment until it can notify the families.


47175 2/16/2005 2/17/2005 
Statement From Circuit City Stores, Inc.
2005-02-17 15:22:00 UTC
RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 17 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Circuit City Stores, Inc., today issued the following statement from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer W. Alan McCollough:
"Yesterday was a day of profound sadness as eight members of the Circuit City family and our extended family -- four Associates, two partners and two pilots -- lost their lives in a plane crash. Our first priority yesterday was to contact their families; and out of respect for their privacy, we have decided not to publicly release the names.
"We have all been touched by the outpouring of sympathy from our Associates, friends, the Richmond community and from people all over the country. I want to thank everyone for their thoughts and prayers during this time."


47175 2/16/2005 2/23/2005 
Circuit City Stores, Inc. Establishes Memorial Trust Funds
2005-02-23 13:25:00 UTC
RICHMOND, Va., Feb. 23 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Circuit City Stores, Inc. today issued a statement from Chairman and Chief Executive Officer W. Alan McCollough following Monday's memorial service held at the Company's headquarters:
"On behalf of the entire Circuit City family, I want to express my heartfelt thanks to the countless people from across the country who have kept us in their thoughts and prayers since last week's tragic loss of life in the crash of one of our Company's airplanes.
"The eight who perished were exceptional people. They represented honor and professionalism, and we were privileged to call them friends and colleagues.
"Knowing the families were coping with shock and grief, we sought to protect their privacy as long as possible. At the same time, we recognized that, in due time, their names would be made public through proper government channels.
"Today, to honor their memories we announce that Circuit City has established memorial funds to benefit the family of each victim. The eight funds, active as of yesterday, are underwritten by Circuit City and also will accept memorial gifts. Establishing the funds is but one of many ways the company is working to support the families of:
Vincent D. Choe, 32, Circuit City, Senior Analyst, Financial Planning; David J. Coffman, 34, Circuit City, Manager, Financial Planning; Kyle J. Harmon, 26, Circuit City, Senior Analyst, Lifecycle; Aaron R. Iskowitz, 35, Circuit City, Buyer, Merchandising Technology; John Leslie Asboe Jorgensen, 28, Infinitive; Bruce C. Walton, 53, Martinair; Jeffrey Stuart Wightman, 42, Martinair; and David C. Winston, 53, IBM
"The pain and loss are still very fresh to us. We will remember the victims with sorrow, but also with a sense of gratitude for the time and experiences that we shared."
Memorial contributions may be made to any of the eight funds at all Wachovia Banks. For more information about the memorial funds, please contact Kristina Louka at Wachovia Bank, (804) 697-6709.


58683 12/8/2005 12/8/2005 
Southwest Airlines Confirms Incident
2005-12-09 03:58:00 UTC
DALLAS, Dec. 8 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Southwest Airlines' Flight 1248 veered off the runway at Chicago Midway Airport at approximately 7:15 p.m. CST onto Central and 55th Ave. The aircraft, a Boeing 737-700 was enroute from Baltimore/Washington to Chicago Midway. The aircraft departed Baltimore/Washington at 4:50 p.m. CST. The flight was expected to land at 6:30 p.m. CST. The flight circled Chicago Midway Airport landing at approximately 7:15 p.m. CST.
The preliminary passenger list indicated the aircraft carried 98 passengers with a crew of five, although this is subject to confirmation. The names of any passengers will not be released until the appropriate family members have been notified.
Southwest Airlines' officials are in direct contact with the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) and the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) as they perform an investigation into the cause of this accident.
A toll-free number has been established by Southwest Airlines to assist friends and family members wanting information about passengers onboard Flight 1248. That number is (800) 922-9525. Periodic updates will also be posted on the Internet at http://www.southwest.com.
A news advisory will be issued when a media briefing time has been determined. Subsequent briefings will be held as needed.
All flights leaving Chicago Midway Airport have been temporarily suspended/delayed. Passengers with specific questions on flights can call 1-800-435-9792 or log on to http://www.southwest.com for updated information.


58683 12/8/2005 12/9/2005 
Southwest Airlines CEO Discusses Chicago Midway Incident
2005-12-09 15:34:00 UTC
DALLAS, Dec. 9 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Southwest Airlines' (NYSE: LUV) CEO Gary Kelly discussed the Chicago Midway incident this morning. Kelly extended Southwest's heartfelt sympathies to those who were directly affected by the events of last night.
"This is a sad day for us here," said Kelly. "There are no words to adequately convey our grief and sorrow over this tragedy. It was with great sadness that we learned of the death of a child who was in one of the vehicles hit by the aircraft. The entire Southwest family is grieving this loss and our thoughts and prayers go out to the child's family."
Last night, Flight 1248 was involved in an incident at Chicago Midway Airport at approximately 7:15 p.m. CST while the aircraft, a Boeing 737-700, was landing. The aircraft veered off the runway and through the blast fence at the northwest corner of the runway -- stopping at the intersection of Central and 55th Avenues. The weather conditions at the time could be described as one-quarter to one-half mile visibility with snow. The flight, which was on arrival from Baltimore/Washington International Airport, was scheduled to continue on to Las Vegas and Salt Lake City.
Flights into and out of Chicago Midway were cancelled for the remainder of the evening and our Employees are working hard to reaccommodate those passengers that were affected. Southwest resumed operations at Chicago Midway at 6:00 a.m. this morning.
The majority of the 13 injured have been treated and released from local hospitals. Southwest is still collecting and verifying injury reports, but at this time we have three individuals who are still receiving treatment at local hospitals.
"Southwest will do everything in our power to provide information and comfort to those who have been affected," said Kelly. "It is still too early to speculate as to a cause before the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) can complete a thorough investigation."
Southwest Airlines Employees are in the process of contacting the families of the passengers and crewmembers as well as those affected on the ground. A team of 94 trained Southwest Employees arrived in Chicago at 3:25 a.m. CST this morning and are working closely with the NTSB and the FAA as they perform their investigations. Another Team of Southwest's top leadership is departing for Chicago Midway momentarily. Gary Kelly will conduct the next media briefing from Chicago.
Southwest Airlines' immediate concern is with those affected both on the aircraft and on the ground. Southwest Airlines Employees are in the process of contacting the families of passengers and crewmembers, as well as those affected on the ground. Southwest Airlines has deployed an aircraft of Employees to assist passengers of Flight 1248. Passenger names will not be released until the appropriate family members have been notified.
A toll-free number has been established by Southwest Airlines to assist friends and family members wanting information about passengers onboard Flight 1248. That number is (800) 922-9525. Periodic updates will also be posted on the Company's web site at http://www.southwest.com .
Passengers with specific questions on flights can call (800) 435-9792 or log on to http://www.southwest.com for updated information.


58683 4/1/2011 4/1/2011 
Southwest Airlines Responds to Loss of Pressurization Event on Flight From Phoenix to Sacramento
2011-04-02 01:33:59 UTC
DALLAS, April 1, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines Flight 812, the scheduled 3:25 pm departure from Phoenix to Sacramento today, diverted to Yuma, Ariz due to loss of pressurization in the cabin. Upon safely landing in Yuma, the flight crew discovered a hole in the top of the aircraft. There are no reported Customer injuries. One of the Flight Attendants, however, received a minor injury upon descent.
A Southwest aircraft with maintenance, ground crew, and Customer Service agents onboard, is on its way from Phoenix to Yuma to assess the damaged aircraft and support the 118 Customers onboard. They are expected to arrive in Sacramento later tonight.
Southwest will work with the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) as they investigate this event.


58683 4/1/2011 4/2/2011 

Southwest Airlines Working With NTSB, FAA, and Boeing to Investigate Cause of Depressurization Event
2011-04-02 07:23:01 UTC
Carrier To Begin Aggressive Inspection of Fleet to Ensure Safety
DALLAS, April 2, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) said early this morning it is working with the National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) to determine the cause of a depressurization event during a Phoenix-Sacramento flight on Friday that diverted to Yuma, Ariz., for a successful emergency landing. Further, the carrier has decided to keep a subset of its Boeing 737 fleet out of the flying schedule to begin an aggressive inspection effort in cooperation with Boeing engineers.
"The safety of our Customers and Employees is our primary concern, and we are grateful there were no serious injuries," said Mike Van de Ven, Southwest's executive vice president and chief operating officer. "We have launched personnel to Yuma to begin the investigation process with the NTSB, FAA, and appropriate parties to determine the cause of the depressurization."
There were 118 passengers on board and five Phoenix-based crew members aboard Flight 812. Preliminary reports indicated the aircraft lost pressure and oxygen masks were deployed. After the plane landed safely in Yuma, the crew confirmed a hole in the top of the aircraft, approximately mid-cabin. One flight attendant was treated at the scene for a minor injury, as was at least one passenger. No injuries required transport to the hospital. The Company arranged for a Southwest Airlines aircraft to transport the Customers from Yuma to Sacramento last night.
Southwest is working with Boeing on an inspection regimen for the 81 affected Boeing 737 aircraft in the fleet, which are covered by a set of Federal Aviation Administration Airworthiness Directives aimed at inspections for aircraft skin fatigue. These aircraft will be inspected over the course of the next several days.
Southwest is working aggressively to minimize Customer inconvenience. Customers are encouraged to check flight status at www.southwest.com before heading to the airport, and any inconvenienced Customers will be reaccommodated.


12052 4/2/2011 4/2/2011 
Gulfstream Confirms Crash of G650 Flight-Test Aircraft
2011-04-02 21:48:46 UTC
G650 Crashes During Testing In Roswell, New Mexico
SAVANNAH, Ga., April 2, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Gulfstream Aerospace Corp. confirmed today that a Gulfstream G650 crashed Saturday morning during takeoff performance tests in Roswell, New Mexico. Two Gulfstream pilots and two Gulfstream flight-test engineers died in the crash.
"Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families of those who were lost, " said Joe Lombardo, president, Gulfstream Aerospace.
The accident is under investigation by Gulfstream, the National Transportation Safety Board and the Federal Aviation Administration.
"We are cooperating 100 percent with the investigation," Lombardo said.


12052 4/2/2011 4/3/2011 
Gulfstream Identifies Employees Killed in G650 Crash
2011-04-03 21:47:42 UTC
Two Pilots, Two Flight-Test Engineers Die During Flight Testing In New Mexico
SAVANNAH, Ga., April 3, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Gulfstream Aerospace Corp. today identified the four employees killed in the crash of a Gulfstream G650 during flight testing in Roswell, N.M.
Experimental test pilots Kent Crenshaw and Vivan Ragusa and technical specialists David McCollum and Reece Ollenburg died in the April 2 accident. All four were residents of Savannah.
"We mourn the loss of our colleagues and friends and extend our deepest sympathies to their families," said Joe Lombardo, president, Gulfstream. "The Gulfstream team has already rallied to support the people these men left behind, and we know that the local and aviation communities will do the same. On their behalf, we ask for your kindness, support and understanding as they, and the rest of the Gulfstream family, grieve the passing of these fine professionals."
Crenshaw, 64, joined Gulfstream in August 1997. He leaves behind a wife and adult son.
Ollenburg, 48, had been with Gulfstream since June 2009. He is survived by his wife, and three children.
Ragusa, 51, was hired at Gulfstream in 2007. He is survived by his wife and three children.
McCollum, 47, who started working at Gulfstream in 2006, is survived by his parents.
The ultra-large-cabin, ultra-long-range Gulfstream G650 crashed April 2 during takeoff-performance tests at the Roswell International Air Center Airport in Roswell.


12052 4/2/2011 4/4/2011 
General Dynamics Chairman and CEO Issues Statement Regarding G650 Test Aircraft Accident
2011-04-04 18:08:07 UTC
FALLS CHURCH, Va., April 4, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- General Dynamics Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Jay L. Johnson issued a statement today regarding the April 2 crash of a Gulfstream G650 test aircraft. Gulfstream Aerospace Corporation, designer and manufacturer of the aircraft, is a wholly owned subsidiary of General Dynamics (NYSE: GD).
"Our thoughts and prayers are with the families, friends, and co-workers of our four Gulfstream employees -- experimental test pilots Kent Crenshaw and Vivan Ragusa, and technical specialists David McCollum and Reece Ollenburg -- who died Saturday in the accident involving the G650 test aircraft in Roswell, New Mexico."
"Our sorrow from the loss of these four great men is very deep," said Johnson.
He continued, "I am confident that as Gulfstream assists aviation authorities in the accident investigation, the cause of this terrible tragedy will be determined. We look forward to continuing the rigorous testing required to achieve flight certification of the aircraft."
"The G650 will take its place atop the long line of safe, reliable, high-performance business jets on which Gulfstream has built its superb reputation," Johnson said.
General Dynamics, headquartered in Falls Church, Va., employs approximately 90,000 people worldwide. The company is a market leader in business aviation; land and expeditionary combat systems, armaments and munitions; shipbuilding and marine systems; and information systems and technologies.
More information about the company is available online at www.generaldynamics.com.


11641 8/26/2011 8/27/2011 
Air Methods Corporation Confirms Fatal Accident in Missouri
2011-08-27 13:00:19 UTC
Air Methods Corporation Confirms Fatal Accident in Missouri
DENVER, Aug. 27, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Air Methods Corporation reported that a Eurocopter AS350 helicopter based in St. Joseph, Missouri crashed Friday, August 26, 2011 at approximately
6:41 p.m. CDT en route to Liberty, Missouri. The paramedic, flight nurse, pilot and patient on board the aircraft received fatal injuries. The aircraft was operated in support of the Company's LifeNet of the Heartland program.
"We extend our heartfelt sympathy to the family, friends, and colleagues of our employees and the patient who perished in Missouri," said Aaron Todd, chief executive officer of Air Methods Corporation.
Company officials are on scene in the area. Representatives from the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the accident with full cooperation and support from the Company.


38790 9/8/2011 9/9/2011 
PRESS RELEASE: Geokinetics Reports Liftboat Incident in Southern Gulf of Mexico, Rescue Efforts Underway
2011-09-09 17:35:26 UTC
HOUSTON, TEXAS - September 9, 2011 - Geokinetics, Inc. (NYSE Amex: GOK) today reported that a liftboat, owned by Trinity Liftboat Services (New Iberia, LA) and contracted by the Company to support an ocean-bottom-cable project in the Bay of Campeche, was disabled yesterday due to high seas generated by Tropical Storm Nate. The ten member crew, which consists of three Geokinetics employees and seven contractors, onboard the liftboat communicated their intent to abandon the vessel at approximately 12:25 p.m. CDT on September 8, 2011 and it was subsequently reported that the crew was visually observed boarding a life raft. Rescue efforts are ongoing although they have been hampered by the inclement weather that persists. Additionally, the families of the three Geokinetics employees have been notified and they have been assured that the Company is focused on the rescue effort. Richard F. Miles, President and Chief Executive Officer, commented, "The safety and welfare of our employees is paramount and we are coordinating with maritime authorities to expedite the rescue effort as we continue to gather the facts." About Geokinetics Inc. Geokinetics Inc. is a leading provider of seismic data acquisition, seismic data processing services and multi-client seismic data to the oil and gas industry worldwide. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, Geokinetics is the largest Western contractor acquiring seismic data onshore and in transition zones in oil and gas basins around the world. Geokinetics has the crews, experience and capacity to provide cost-effective world class data to its international and North American clients. For more information on Geokinetics, visit http://www.geokinetics.com.


38790 9/8/2011 9/12/2011 
PRESS RELEASE: Geokinetics Provides Further Update on Liftboat Incident Rescue
2011-09-12 18:21:12 UTC
HOUSTON, TEXAS - September 12, 2011 - Geokinetics, Inc. (NYSE Amex: GOK) today confirmed that seven of the ten crew members that abandoned a disabled liftboat in the southern Gulf of Mexico last Thursday were rescued 51 miles off the coast of Campeche State Sunday, September 11, 2011. Sadly, one of these crew members has since passed away. Additionally, the bodies of two of the crew members who did not survive were recovered. The search continues for the one remaining crew member still missing. It was previously reported that the crew members abandoned the Trinity II liftboat (similar to a jack-up rig) when it became disabled due to high seas generated by Tropical Storm Nate. The liftboat, owned by Trinity Liftboat Services (New Iberia, LA), was contracted to Geokinetics for a project in the Bay of Campeche. The Trinity captain communicated that the crew intended to abandon the liftboat around noon last Thursday, after which time all communication with the crew was lost. The ten member crew consisted of three Geokinetics employees, three independent contractors and four Trinity crewmen who operated the vessel. Initially, rescue efforts were hampered due to the storm, but rescue efforts intensified as the weather improved. Richard F. Miles, President and Chief Executive Officer, is in Mexico awaiting more information on the condition of the survivors. Upon hearing the news, Miles stated, "Obviously, we are thankful for those who survived, but our hearts are heavy and we are deeply saddened by the loss of our co-workers." Miles also offered appreciation for the rescuers, "The Mexican marine authorities and others involved in the rescue are to be commended. Everyone is very thankful for their diligent search efforts." About Geokinetics Inc. Geokinetics Inc. is a leading provider of seismic data acquisition, seismic data processing services and multi-client seismic data to the oil and gas industry worldwide. Headquartered in Houston, Texas, Geokinetics is the largest Western contractor acquiring seismic data onshore and in transition zones in oil and gas basins around the world. Geokinetics has the crews, experience and capacity to provide cost-effective world class data to its international and North American clients. For more information on Geokinetics, visit http://www.geokinetics.com. 


38790 9/8/2011 9/14/2011 
Geokinetics to Host Liftboat Incident Conference Call
 
HOUSTON, TEXAS — September 14, 2011 — Geokinetics, Inc. (NYSE Amex: GOK) today announced plans to host a conference call on Friday, September 16, 2011 at 10:00 a.m. EDT (9:00 a.m. CDT) to provide updated information related to the liftboat incident that occurred on September 8, 2011 in the southern Gulf of Mexico.
 What:  Geokinetics Liftboat Incident Conference Call
 When:  Friday, September 16, 2011 at 10:00 a.m. EDT (9:00 a.m. CDT)
 How:  Live via telephone by dialing (866) 356-4279 for domestic callers or (617) 597-5394 for international callers, in both cases using pass code 87576008, and asking for the Geokinetics call a few minutes prior to the start time, or live over the Internet on Geokinetics’ website at http://www.geokinetics.com under Investors.
A telephonic replay will be available through September 23, 2011 by calling (888) 286-8010 for domestic callers or (617) 801-6888 for international callers, both cases using pass code 59113075. A webcast archive will also be available at http://www.geokinetics.com shortly after the call and will be accessible for approximately 90 days.


90951 1/16/2012 1/17/2012
Hercules Offshore Announces Liftboat in Nigeria Likely Lost in Fire
2012-01-17 11:00:28 UTC
All Hercules Offshore Personnel and Contractors Secured
HOUSTON, Jan. 17, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Hercules Offshore (NASDAQ: HERO) (the "Company") today announced that the Mako, a 175' class liftboat in Nigeria, was engulfed by a fire that originated on a third-party rig, the KS Endeavor, during the early morning hours on January 16, 2012. The Mako was providing excess storage services adjacent to the KS Endeavor drilling rig at the time of the incident. The incident occurred off the coast of Nigeria, approximately 250 kilometers west of Port Harcourt. All 27 personnel aboard the Mako were safely rescued and transported to a local clinic for medical evaluation and treatment. No major injuries have been reported.
(Logo: http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20050601/DAW092LOGO)
At this time, the Company has not been able to confirm the extent of the damage to the Mako, although visual indication from Company employees at the site indicated that the vessel sustained significant damage. The vessel has an insured value of $8.0 million, subject to a $1.0 million deductible. The deductible would not apply in the event the vessel is a total loss. The Company also carries removal of wreck insurance, subject to a $250,000 deductible.
The Company has notified the appropriate authorities, including the United States Coast Guard.


45495 5/2/2012 5/2/2012
Note 9 – Subsequent Events
On May 2, 2012, as the EXL I was being towed toward a shipyard in south Texas in preparation for its mobilization to Indonesia, a passing ship lost power and collided with the rig.  All personnel aboard the rig were unharmed, but the port side of the rig sustained substantial damage and will require repairs prior to its mobilization to Indonesia.  The Company is assessing the damage and any potential financial impact.


59089 10/5/2012 10/9/2012 

Item 8.01. Other Events.
At approximately 8:00 a.m. CDT on Friday, October 5, 2012, a Bell 407 helicopter operated by a subsidiary of Bristow Group Inc. was involved in an accident near Intracoastal City, Louisiana in which the pilot was fatally injured. There were no other passengers onboard. Bristow is currently working with authorities in their investigation.
 


11641 12/10/2012 12/11/2012 
Air Methods Corporation Confirms Fatal Accident in Illinois
2012-12-11 13:30:09 UTC
Air Methods Corporation Confirms Fatal Accident in Illinois

DENVER, Dec. 11, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Air Methods Corporation reported that a Eurocopter BK117 helicopter based in Rockford, Illinois crashed Monday, December 10, 2012 at approximately 8:28 p.m. CST. The pilot and two flight nurses on board the aircraft received fatal injuries. No patients were on board the aircraft at the time of the accident. The aircraft was operated in support of Rockford Memorial Hospital's program.

"This is a sad day for all of us at Air Methods and we extend our heartfelt sympathy to the family, colleagues and friends of those who perished in Illinois while on duty," said Aaron Todd, chief executive officer of Air Methods Corporation.

Company officials are on scene in the area. Representatives from the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating the accident with full cooperation and support from the Company.






77207 3/2/2005 3/11/2005 

Bradley Pharmaceuticals Announces Class Action Litigation, 10-K Delay and Guidance Withdrawal
2005-03-11 12:45:00 UTC
FAIRFIELD, N.J., March 11 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Bradley Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (NYSE: BDY) today announced that purported class action lawsuits have been filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey against the Company and, in some cases, certain of its officers. The lawsuits, filed following the announcement by the Company last week of an informal inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission, allege violations of federal securities laws, including with respect to revenue recognition and capitalization of certain payments. The Company is investigating these issues and intends to vigorously defend itself against the lawsuits.
The Company further announced that, following discussion with its auditors, it does not anticipate finalization of its audited financial statements for 2004 until conclusion and evaluation of the previously announced review being conducted by counsel for the Company's Audit Committee. As that review will not be concluded prior to the due date for the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company will be unable to file its Form 10-K on a timely basis.
As a result of the lawsuits, SEC Inquiry, Audit Committee review and associated expenses that are not currently estimatable, the Company is withdrawing previously announced financial guidance for unreported periods.


80364 1/20/2005 1/20/2005 

SHURGARD COMMENTS ON PROPOSED CLASS ACTION SECURITIES LAWSUIT
 
SEATTLE, January 20, 2005 — Shurgard Storage Centers, Inc. (NYSE:SHU) a leading self-storage real estate investment trust (REIT) in the United States and Europe, today noted that a plaintiff’s law firm had issued a press release announcing that a proposed class action securities lawsuit was filed against the Company in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington.
 
“We do not believe that the claims in the lawsuit have any merit and we will defend the Company vigorously against the suit,” said Jane A. Orenstein, Shurgard Vice President and General Counsel.
 


88196 2/15/2005 3/16/2005 
Item 3: Legal Proceedings
     In February 2005, multiple purported securities class action complaints were filed against the Company and certain officers and directors, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, following the Company’s announcement of anticipated financial results for the first quarter of 2005 ending on March 31, 2005.
The complaints seek unspecified damages on alleged violations of federal securities laws during the period from October 26, 2004 to February 7, 2005. The complaints allege violations of the federal securities laws through the issuance of false or misleading statements during the class period covered. Consolidation and the appointment of lead plaintiff are currently pending in these purported class actions. The Company intends to take all appropriate action in response to these lawsuits.
From time to time, the Company may also be subject to legal proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business, including claims of alleged infringement of copyrights and other intellectual property rights in connection with the content published on our web sites.
?


65083 3/1/2005 3/7/2005
						
Item 8.01. “Other Events”
      On March 1 and March 2, 2005, several law firms announced the filing of class action lawsuits against us and certain of our officers and directors on behalf of investors. The lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas and allege various violations of the federal securities laws. The press releases announcing these lawsuits are publicly available at Yahoo Finance, MSN Money-central and other financial or news-related websites. Similar class action lawsuits asserting similar claims may ensue.
      The Company has not been served with copies of the complaints yet, but the press releases refer to the announcements the Company made in a press release and conference call on February 17, 2005, including the Company’s report that it had received a subpoena from the Office of the Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, requesting documents related to certain of the Company’s sales and marketing, reimbursement, Medicare and Medicaid billing, and certain other business practices. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against the claims made in these lawsuits.
      The information in this Form 8-K shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, or otherwise incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act.
 


65083 3/1/2005 3/15/2005 
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Beginning March 1, 2005, several law firms announced the filing of class action securities lawsuits against the Company and certain of its officers and directors filed on behalf of purchasers of our securities between April 24, 2003 and February 16, 2005, inclusive (the Class Period). As of March 10, 2005, we have not been served with any of these lawsuits. However, we have confirmed that at least two such lawsuits have been filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Texas as follows: PLA, LLC vs. Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc., et al, filed March 1, 2005; RAI Investment Club vs. Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc., et al, filed March 9, 2005. These suits allege the Company violated federal securities laws by the issuance of false and misleading statements to the market regarding the Company’s strong financial performance throughout the Class Period, which statements allegedly had the effect of artificially inflating the market price of the Company’s securities. In particular, the claims allege improper marketing and sales practices accounted for the Company’s revenue growth, citing, among other things, the public announcement we made on February 17, 2005 that the Company had received a subpoena from the Office of the Inspector General, Department of Health and Human Services, requesting documents related to sales and marketing, reimbursement, Medicare and Medicaid billing and other business practices. The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory damages and costs and expenses of litigation. No class has been certified. Based on the various press releases, we believe the other lawsuits will contain similar allegations. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves against the claims made in these lawsuits and we believe the lawsuits are without merit.


54827 3/2/2005 3/21/2005
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings
Between  March  2,  2005  and March 11,  2005  four  separate complaints were filed, each purporting to be on behalf of a  class of  Molex  shareholders,  against Molex, and some or  all  of  the following Molex officers and employees: J. Joseph King,  Diane  S. Bullock,  John  H. Krehbiel Jr., Frederick A. Krehbiel,  Louis  A. Hecht,  Ronald L. Schubel and Martin P. Slark in the United States District  Court  for  the Northern District  of  Illinois  Eastern Division entitled The Takara Trust v. Molex Incorporated, Et. Al.,
Case  No. 05C 1245; BDM, LLC v. Molex Incorporated, Et. Al.,  Case No. 05C 1372; James Baker v. Molex Incorporated, Et. Al., Case No. 05C  1467;  and Drywall Acoustic Lathing and Insulation Local  675
Pension  Fund  v. Molex Incorporated, Et. Al., Case No.  05C  1461 (collectively, the "Shareholder Actions").  The complaints in  the Shareholder  Actions generally allege, among  other  things,  that
during  the  period from April 15, 2004 (or July 27, 2004  in  the case  of  the complaints filed by The Takara Trust and the Drywall Acoustic  Lathing  and  Insulation  Local  675  Pension  Fund)  to
February 14, 2005 the named defendants made or caused to be made a series  of materially false or misleading statements about Molex's business,  prospects, operations, and financial  statements  which
constituted  violations of Section 10(b) of the  Exchange  Act  of 1934,  as  amended,  and  Rule  10b-5 promulgated  thereunder  and Section  20(a) of the Exchange Act.  The complaint filed  by  BDM,
LLC  also alleges that certain of the named defendants engaged  in insider trading in violation of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5.   As relief, the complaints seek, among other things, declaration  that
the  action  be  certified as a proper class  action,  unspecified compensatory damages (including interest) and payment of costs and expenses  (including  fees for legal counsel  and  experts).   The
complaint  filed by BDM, LLC also seeks, as relief, an  accounting of  the proceeds received by certain of the named defendants  from the  sale of Molex stock during the period from April 15, 2004  to
February  14, 2005 and the imposition of a constructive  trust  on such  proceeds.  Molex believes the allegations contained  in  the complaints   are  without  merit  and  intends  to   contest   the Shareholder Actions vigorously.


87404 3/8/2005 3/9/2005

iMergent Receives Purported Class Action Lawsuits;  Company Believes Claims Are Without Merit and Intends Vigorous Defense

    OREM, Utah--(BUSINESS WIRE)--March 9, 2005--iMergent, Inc., (AMEX:IIG) a leading provider of eCommerce and software for small businesses and entrepreneurs, announced today it has been made aware of two complaints with respect to purported shareholder class action lawsuits. The lawsuits were filed against iMergent and certain of its officers and directors in the United States District Court in the District of Utah, Central Division. The complaints allege violations of federal securities laws. Jeffery Korn, general counsel of iMergent, stated, "We believe the complaints are without merit and intend to defend these actions vigorously."
Don Danks, chairman and chief executive officer, said, "As Jeff noted, we will aggressively defend iMergent against these claims, and we do not expect there to be any impact on our ability to continue
providing our merchants with top-quality products and services." It is normally standard for there to be additional actions filed; the Court will eventually determine which if any of the suits could be used to represent the alleged class.

    


75175 4/5/2005 4/13/2005
Item 8.01. OTHER EVENTS.
The following information is being furnished pursuant to Item 8.01 – Other Events of Form 8-K.
MBIA Inc. has learned that a series of class action lawsuits has been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against MBIA Inc. and certain of its officers. MBIA Inc. expects that additional lawsuits may be filed. No time currently is set for MBIA Inc. to respond to the complaints.
 
Although the individual lawsuits vary, the allegations include, among other things, violations of the federal securities laws arising out of the defendants’ failure “to disclose or indicate” the following: “(1) that MBIA, during the Class Period, overleveraged itself, deeply under-reserved against possible credit defaults, and overly exposed to guaranteeing risky structured financings; (2) that MBIA accelerated its recognition of current income by classifying many of its upfront guarantee fees as advisory fees taken at closing, rather than accounted for over the life of the bonds insured; (3) that MBIA improperly booked a $70 million payment received from Converium Re (then called Zurich Reinsurance North America) in 1998, which at the time was depicted as a loss-reducing reinsurance recovery for MBIA, but was, in substance, a loan; (4) that as result, MBIA financial statements were materially overstated by $60 million; (5) that MBIA artificially inflated premium income and portfolio credit quality by insuring bonds in the secondary market that were attracting prices lower than their stale credit ratings would dictate; (6) that MBIA’s low loss ratios resulted from the Company’s practice to defer recognizing problems rather than providing layers of excess collateral, other underwriting protection, and its self-proclaimed prowess at restructurings; (7) that MBIA set forth an illegal scheme of covering the loss, from the failed Allegheny Health, Education and Research Foundation (“Aherf”) bond issuance, with a retroactive reinsurance policy, giving it a reinsurance recovery of $170 million to cover the present value of the future Aherf interest and principal payments, which resulted in MBIA showing a better than 40% jump in pretax income that year — $565 million over what the income figure would have been without resort to the reinsurance; (8) that MBIA was dumping on Channel Reinsurance Ltd., a Bermuda reinsurer where MBIA owns a 17.4% interest, performing but troubled policies from its existing portfolio, with the proviso that it could make up any quality problems later so that MBIA could buy time by getting potential workout loans off its balance sheet in order to make its financial results appear better; and (9) that the Company lacked adequate internal controls and was therefore unable to ascertain the true financial condition of the Company.”


11278 4/18/2005 5/3/2005
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On and after April 18, 2005 a number of purported stockholder class action lawsuits have been commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock during the period of February 5, 2004 and August 4, 2004 (the “Class Period”). The complaints allege that during the Class Period, the Company and certain of its officers and employee-directors made false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s business and business prospects. The Company believes these lawsuits are without merit and intends to defend itself vigorously. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company, although an adverse effect on one or more of these lawsuits could have a material impact on the results of operations for any one period. Further, litigation can consume substantial management resources and no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our financial position.
?


88910 4/25/2005 4/27/2005

Item  8.01    Other Events.

On April 26, 2005, BearingPoint, Inc. (the “Company”) became aware of press reports that a series of class action lawsuits have been filed against it and certain of its current and former officers and directors. Based upon these press reports, the Company believes that the complaints allege violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder in respect of the highly likely restatement of the Company’s financial statements, the goodwill impairment charge in the Company’s Europe, Middle East and Africa segment and the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. It is possible that additional lawsuits concerning these and similar matters will be threatened or filed. The Company has not yet received service of process and has not had an opportunity to review the complaints.


88163 5/6/2005 5/10/2005
NOTE F – LITIGATION
Other Litigation
We have been made aware that a number of purported class action lawsuits have been filed against us and certain of our officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida in early May 2005 on behalf of investors in FindWhat.com’s common stock during the period between January 5, 2004 and May 4, 2005 alleging that we and certain of our officers and directors violated securities laws. We will undertake a complete review of these allegations as further details become available, and expect to vigorously defend ourselves and our officers and directors who were named in these actions. Regardless of the outcome, these litigations could have an adverse impact on our results because of defense costs, diversion of management’s attention and resources and other factors. No amounts for losses have been accrued as of May 10, 2005.
We are a defendant in various other legal proceedings from time to time, regarded as normal to our business and, in the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of such proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or the results of our operations. As such, no accruals for losses have been made related to our legal proceedings. We expense all legal fees for litigation as incurred. 

PART II Other Information
Item 1.   Legal Proceedings
Other Litigation
We have been made aware that a number of purported class action lawsuits have been filed against us and certain of our officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida in early May 2005 on behalf of investors in FindWhat.com’s common stock during the period between January 5, 2004 and May 4, 2005 alleging that we and certain of our officers and directors violated securities laws. We will undertake a complete review of these allegations as further details become available, and expect to vigorously defend ourselves and our officers and directors who were named in these actions. Regardless of the outcome, these litigations could have an adverse impact on our results because of defense costs, diversion of management’s attention and resources and other factors. No amounts for losses have been accrued as of May 10, 2005.
 We are a defendant in various other legal proceedings from time to time, regarded as normal to our business and, in the opinion of management, the ultimate outcome of such proceedings are not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position or the results of our operations. As such, no accruals for losses have been made related to our legal proceedings. We expense all legal fees for litigation as incurred.

?
88163 5/6/2005 5/20/2005
FindWhat.Com, Inc. Issues Statement in Response to Shareholder Class Action Lawsuits
2005-05-20 19:03:00 UTC
FORT MYERS, Fla.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 20, 2005--FindWhat.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:FWHT) today issued a statement in response to the filing of several shareholder class action lawsuits against the Company and certain of its officers and directors.
"We are entirely comfortable with the appropriateness and completeness of our disclosures and the actions of our executives and directors in the performance of their duties for FindWhat.com, and we believe the claims should be dismissed," said Craig Pisaris-Henderson, chairman and chief executive officer of FindWhat.com, Inc.
The Company stated that the litigation is a classic example of the type of suit Congress sought to prevent in passing the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. The Reform Act is designed to combat meritless securities suits, which are often based on little more than a drop in stock price. Congress also intended for the Reform Act to give companies targeted for such lawsuits a better chance of obtaining dismissal at an early stage. That Congressional intent has led to a higher percentage of early dismissals. The Company expects to instruct its counsel to seek dismissal under the Reform Act.


66800 5/12/2005 5/31/2005
ITEM 3. 	Legal Proceedings
General
AIG and its subsidiaries, in common with the insurance industry in general, are subject to litigation, including claims for punitive damages, in the normal course of their business. See Notes 12(d), 12(g), 12(h) and 12(i) of Notes to Financial Statements, as well as the Discussion and Analysis of Consolidated Net Losses and Loss Expense Reserve Development and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
PNC Settlement
 In November 2004, AIG and AIGFP reached a final settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the Fraud Section of the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the United States Attorney for the Southern District of Indiana with respect to issues arising from certain structured transactions entered into with Brightpoint, Inc. and The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. (PNC), the marketing of transactions similar to the PNC transactions and related matters.
     As part of the settlement, the SEC filed a civil complaint against AIG, alleging violations of certain antifraud provisions of the federal securities laws and for aiding and abetting violations of reporting and record keeping provisions of those laws. The SEC’s complaint was based on the conduct of AIG, primarily through AIGFP (i) in developing, marketing and entering into three transactions during 2001 that were intended to enable PNC, a public company, to remove certain assets from its balance sheet and (ii) in marketing similar transaction structures to other potential counterparties. The complaint alleged, inter alia, that AIGFP recklessly misrepresented, and was reckless in not knowing, that the transactions entered into with PNC and marketed to other potential counterparties did not satisfy the requirements of GAAP for non-consolidation of special purpose entities.
     AIG, without admitting or denying the allegations in the SEC complaint, consented to the issuance of a final judgment: (a) permanently enjoining it and its employees and related persons from violating section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), Exchange Act Rule 10b-5, and section 17(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 (Securities Act) and from aiding and abetting violations of sections 13(a) and 13(b)(2)(A) of the Exchange Act and Exchange Act Rules 12b-20, 13a-1, and 13a-13; (b) ordering it to disgorge the $39,821,000 in fees that it received from the PNC transactions, plus prejudgment interest of $6,545,000; and (c) providing for AIG to establish a transaction review committee to review the appropriateness of certain future transactions and to retain an independent consultant to examine certain transactions entered into between 2000 and 2004 and review the policies and procedures of the transaction review committee. The independent consultant has a broad mandate to review transactions entered into by AIG during this period. The review of the independent consultant is now ongoing and AIG cannot at this time predict the outcome of this review.
     The DOJ filed a criminal complaint against AIGFP PAGIC Equity Holding Corp. (AIGFP PAGIC), a wholly-owned subsidiary of AIGFP. The complaint alleged that AIGFP PAGIC violated federal securities laws by aiding and abetting securities law violations by PNC, in connection with a transaction entered into in 2001 with PNC that was intended to enable PNC to remove certain assets from its balance sheet. The complaint alleges that AIGFP PAGIC knew, or was deliberately ignorant in not knowing, that the PNC transaction did not satisfy the requirements of GAAP for non-consolidation of special purpose entities. The AIGFP PAGIC transaction was the last of three similar transactions developed, marketed and entered into by AIGFP and its subsidiaries with PNC during 2001. The DOJ had notified AIGFP that, in its view, AIGFP acting through certain of its employees may have violated federal criminal law in connection with the PNC transactions and the marketing of similar transaction structures to other potential counterparties.
     The settlement with the DOJ consists of separate agreements with AIG and AIGFP and a complaint filed against, and deferred prosecution agreement with, AIGFP PAGIC. Under the terms of the settlement, AIGFP paid a monetary penalty of $80 million and, provided that AIG, AIGFP and AIGFP PAGIC satisfy their obligations under the DOJ agreements, the DOJ will seek a dismissal with prejudice of the AIGFP PAGIC complaint after 13 months and will not prosecute AIG or AIGFP in connection with the PNC transactions or the Brightpoint transaction that was settled by AIG with the SEC in 2003. The obligations of AIG, AIGFP and AIGFP PAGIC under the DOJ agreements relate principally to cooperating with the DOJ and other federal agencies in connection with their related investigations.
Investigations of Insurance Brokerage Practices
     On October 14, 2004, the Office of the New York State Attorney General (NYAG) brought a lawsuit challenging certain insurance brokerage practices related to contingent commissions. Neither AIG nor any of its subsidiaries is a defendant in that action, although two employees of an AIG subsidiary pleaded guilty in connection with the Attorney General’s investigation in October 2004 and two additional employees of the same subsidiary pleaded guilty in February 2005. AIG has cooperated, and will continue to cooperate, in the investigation. Regulators from several additional states have commenced investigations into the same matters, and AIG expects there will be additional investigations as well. Various parties, including insureds and shareholders, have also asserted putative class action and other claims against AIG or its subsidiaries alleging, among other things, violations of the antitrust and federal securities laws, and AIG expects that additional claims may be made.
     Various federal and state regulatory agencies are reviewing certain other transactions and practices of AIG and its subsidiaries in connection with industry-wide and other inquiries.
Investigation and Civil Complaint Concerning Non-Traditional Insurance Products and Other Transactions
     In February 2005, AIG received subpoenas from the NYAG and the SEC relating to investigations into the use of non-traditional insurance products and certain assumed reinsurance transactions and AIG’s accounting for such transactions. In March and April 2005, the SEC and NYAG issued additional subpoenas relating to certain transactions and entities discussed more fully in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including, among others, SICO, Union Excess, Capco and certain Life Settlements (as such transactions and entities are defined in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations). In April 2005, AIG received a subpoena from the NYAG relating to AIG’s operations in Bermuda. The United States Department of Justice and state regulators, including the New York Department of Insurance (NY DOI), are also investigating these issues. Regulators from several additional states have commenced investigations into some of these matters, and AIG expects there will be additional investigations. In addition, the SEC, the U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Southern District of New York and the NYAG are investigating certain transactions involving the purchase of AIG stock. The NYAG and insurance regulators are investigating issues relating to workers compensation insurance written by AIG subsidiaries. Various former and current employees of AIG have also received subpoenas from the SEC and NYAG seeking documents and testimony concerning some of these matters. AIG has cooperated, and will continue to cooperate, with all these investigations, including by producing documents and other information in response to the subpoenas. As more fully described in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, AIG has concluded that the accounting for certain transactions and certain relationships needs to be restated or adjusted. See Note 2 of Notes to Financial Statements.
     On May 26, 2005, the NYAG and the New York Superintendent of Insurance filed a civil complaint against AIG as well as its former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer M.R. Greenberg, and former Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer Howard Smith, in the Supreme Court of the State of New York. The complaint asserts claims under New York’s Martin Act and Insurance Law, among others, and makes allegations concerning certain of the transactions discussed more fully in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, including, among others, Gen Re, Capco, AIRCO Reinsurance, Life Settlements, Richmond and Union Excess. The complaint seeks disgorgement, injunctive relief, punitive damages and costs, among other things. The NYAG has also stated that it fully expects that all issues with AIG concerning these matters can be resolved civilly, as opposed to by means of criminal indictment of AIG.
Other Actions
     A number of lawsuits have been filed regarding the subject matter of the investigations of insurance brokerage practices, including derivative actions, individual actions and class actions under the federal securities laws, ERISA and state common and corporate laws in both federal and state courts, including the federal district court in the Southern District of New York, in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts Superior Court and in Delaware Chancery Court. All of these actions generally allege that AIG and its subsidiaries violated the law by allegedly concealing a scheme to “rig bids” and “steer” business between insurance companies and insurance brokers as described in “Investigation of Insurance Brokerage Practices” above.
     Between October 19, 2004 and May 23, 2005, AIG was named as a defendant in twelve complaints that were filed in federal court and one that was originally filed in Florida state court and removed to federal court. These cases generally allege that AIG and its subsidiaries violated federal and various state antitrust laws, as well as federal RICO laws, various state deceptive and unfair practice laws and certain state laws governing fiduciary duties. The alleged basis of these claims is that there was a conspiracy between insurance companies and insurance brokers with regard to the bidding practices for insurance coverage in certain sectors of the insurance industry. The Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation entered an order consolidating most of these cases and transferring them to the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. The remainder of these cases are in the process of being transferred to the District of New Jersey. In addition, two complaints were filed in Massachusetts state court making claims similar to those in the federal cases above.
     In April and May, amended complaints were filed in the consolidated derivative and securities cases, as well as in one of the ERISA lawsuits, pending in the federal district court in the Southern District of New York adding allegations concerning AIG’s accounting treatment for non-traditional insurance products that have been the subject of AIG’s press releases and are described more fully in Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Also in April, new actions were filed in the Delaware Chancery Court asserting claims premised on the same allegations concerning AIG’s accounting treatment for non-traditional insurance products.
     In late 2002, an unrelated derivative action was filed in Delaware Chancery Court in connection with AIG’s transactions with certain entities affiliated with Starr. AIG’s Board of Directors appointed a special committee of independent directors to review the complaint; the special committee has issued a report concluding that it was not in the best interest of AIG or its shareholders to pursue the litigation and moved the Delaware Chancery Court to terminate the litigation. In May 2005, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint which adds additional claims premised on allegations relating to insurance brokerage practices and AIG’s non-traditional insurance products.
Effect on AIG
     AIG cannot at this time predict the outcome of the matters described above or estimate the potential costs related to these
 


80001 6/13/2005 6/14/2005
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
     In the normal course of our business, we are involved in a number of litigation matters that, other than the matters described immediately below, are incidental to the operation of our business. These matters generally include, among other things, collection matters with regard to products distributed by us and accounts receivable owed to us. We currently believe that the resolution of any of these pending matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position or liquidity, but an adverse decision in more than one of the matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations.
     ValueVision Media, Inc. v. Navarre Corporation
     On July 7, 2004, ValueVision Media, Inc. (“ValueVision”) commenced an action against the Navarre Corporation in Hennepin County District Court for the State of Minnesota, alleging among other things that the Navarre breached a 1997 Stock Purchase Agreement and Conversion Agreement between the parties and NetRadio Corporation (“NetRadio”). ValueVision’s Complaint (“Complaint”) seeks damages in excess of $50,000, restitution and an order of specific performance requiring Navarre to convert ValueVision’s shares of NetRadio stock into Navarre common stock based upon a January 30, 2002 notice of default and the conversion formula set forth in the Conversion Agreement that is filed as exhibit 10.19 to our Form 10-K for the year ended March 31, 1997.
     On August 9, 2004, Navarre answered the Complaint, denied liability and asserted defenses. Among other defenses, we believe that ValueVision’s alleged rights under the Stock Purchase Agreement and Conversion Agreement terminated pursuant to the express terms and conditions of the Stock Purchase Agreement and the Conversion Agreement upon the occurrence of the initial public offering of NetRadio. This position is supported by, among other things, certain statements that appear in the prospectus that is on file in connection with NetRadio’s initial public offering. In addition, at the time the NetRadio registration statement was filed, a representative of ValueVision sat on the board of directors of NetRadio and consented to the filing of the NetRadio registration statement.
     On December 17, 2004, Navarre commenced a third-party action against Gene McCaffrey. Navarre alleges that, if ValueVision’s claims are correct, then McCaffrey, as a Director of NetRadio, breached his fiduciary duties to Navarre, a shareholder of NetRadio. McCaffrey responded to the Third-Party Complaint and denied liability. In addition, Navarre and ValueVision stipulated that Navarre could assert a counterclaim against ValueVision, but ValueVision did not waive any defenses or rights by so stipulating.
     On or about January 21, 2005, the Court approved the parties’ stipulation for Navarre to assert its counterclaim against ValueVision, and on January 26, 2005, Navarre served and filed its counterclaim. ValueVision’s reply to the counterclaim is due on or about February 15, 2005.
     The parties are in the process of conducting discovery. All parties have scheduled hearings for summary judgment. The case is currently scheduled for trial during the court’s November 2005 trial block. We intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted by ValueVision and pursue our claims. Because of the status of the proceeding and the contingencies and uncertainties associated with litigation, it is difficult, if not impossible, to predict a result in this proceeding.
     Sybersound Records, Inc. v. BCI Eclipse, LLC, et al.
     On May 12, 2005, Sybersound Records, Inc. (“Sybersound”) filed this action against BCI Eclipse, LLC (“BCI”) and others in the Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles, West District, Case Number SC085498. Plaintiff alleges that BCI and others sold unlicensed records in connection with their karaoke related business or otherwise failed to account for or pay licensing fees and/or royalties. Sybersound alleges that this conduct gives BCI and others an illegal, competitive advantage in the marketplace. Based on this and related conduct, Sybersound asserts the following causes of action: tortious interference with business relations, unfair competition under the California Business and Professions Code, and unfair trade practices under California’s Unfair Practices Act. Sybersound seeks damages, including punitive damages, of not less than $195 million dollars plus trebled actual damages, injunctive relief, pre- and post- judgment interest, costs, attorney’s fees and expert fees.
     BCI intends to deny the allegations of the Complaint and assert all available and appropriate affirmative defenses. Because of the status of the proceeding and the contingencies and uncertainties associated with litigation, it is difficult, if not impossible to predict a result in this proceeding.
     Sybersound Records, Inc. v. Navarre Corporation, BCI Eclipse, LLC, et al.
     Sybersound Records, Inc. filed this action on or about May 12, 2005 in the Superior Court of Justice, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, Court File Number 05-CV-289397Pd2. The factual basis for Sybersound’s claims in this case are essentially the same as those in the case described above. However, Sybersound has named Navarre Corporation in this case in addition to BCI Eclipse, LLC.
     Sybersound claims that the alleged misconduct constitutes tortious interference with economic interests, and seeks damages of not less than $5,745,000, plus punitive damages in the amount of $800,000, plus injunctive relief against certain of the defendants other than Navarre and BCI.
     Navarre and BCI Eclipse Company, LLC intend to deny liability and damages and to vigorously defend against Sybersound’s claims. Because of the status of the proceeding and the contingencies and uncertainties associated with litigation, it is difficult, if not impossible to predict a result in this proceeding.
     Faulconer Productions Music Corp. v. FUNimation Productions, Inc. et al.
     Faulconer Productions Music Corporation (FPMC) filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas on September 24, 2003 alleging that FUNimation Productions, Ltd. and certain other defendants fraudulently induced it to enter into contracts pursuant to which FUNimation had commissioned it to compose music for certain television episodes. FPMC also claims that it owns all copyrights in the music and that FUNimation has infringed upon its music copyrights. FPMC is asserting state law claims for fraudulent inducement, fraudulent misrepresentation, negligent misrepresentation, negligence, breach of contract, unjust enrichment, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, conspiracy to commit fraud, and a host of similar claims related to a proposed settlement agreement related to this case. FPMC seeks damages of approximately $13.0 million.
     FUNimation instituted an action against FPMC and Bruce Faulconer, a principle of FPMC, in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas. These two cases were consolidated in the Eastern District of Texas. FUNimation asserts claims for trademark and copyright infringement, passing off, and breach of contract. Actual damages have not yet been calculated. FUNimation also seeks attorneys’ fees on the copyright infringement and contract claims and in connection with the defense of FPMC’s copyright infringement claims.
     FUNimation has filed a motion to dismiss all fraud-based, breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing, negligent misrepresentation, and negligence claims. Additionally, this motion to dismiss seeks the dismissal of all claims relating to the individual defendants. FPMC’s response to this motion to dismiss is due on June 28, 2005.
     We intend to vigorously defend against the claims asserted against FUNimation and to pursue our claims. Because of the status of the proceeding and the contingencies and uncertainties associated with litigation, it is difficult, if not impossible, to predict a result in this proceeding.
     Aviva Partners LLC, individually on behalf of all other similarly situated, v. Navarre Corporation, Eric H. Paulsen and James Gilbertson
     Aviva Partners LLC individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated (“Plaintiffs”) filed this putative class action lawsuit on June 13, 2005 in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, as Case Number 05-1151 (PAM/RLE). Plaintiffs allege that this is a federal class action lawsuit on behalf of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired securities in the Company between July 23, 2003 and May 31, 2005. Plaintiffs allege among other things, that the Company, its chief executive officer, and its chief financial officer violated federal securities laws and regulations because the Company’s financial results were materially inflated and not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, which benefited Company insiders, including the individual defendants. Plaintiffs further allege the company failed to properly recognize executive deferred compensation and improperly recognized a deferred tax benefit as income. Plaintiffs allege violation of Sec. 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Act’) and Rule 10(b)5 promulgated under the Act, and as to the individual defendants only, violation of Sec. 20(a) of the Act.
     Plaintiffs seek certification of the action as a class action lawsuit, compensatory but unspecified damages allegedly sustained as a result of the alleged wrongdoing, plus costs, counsel fees and expert fees.
     Neither the Company nor the individual defendants have yet been served with the Complaint, so the date for a response has not yet been determined. The Company intends to vigorously defend against Plaintiffs claims. Because of the status of the proceedings as well as the contingencies and uncertainties associated with litigation, it is difficult, if not impossible, to predict a result in this matter.


12490 7/8/2005 7/26/2005
13. The company is involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, including actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property (IP), product liability, employment, benefits, securities, and environmental matters. The following is a discussion of some of the more significant legal matters involving the company.
 
On July 31, 2003, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, in Cooper et al. vs. The IBM Personal Pension Plan and IBM Corporation, held that the company ‘s pension plan violated the age discrimination provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). On September 29, 2004, the company announced that IBM and plaintiffs agreed in principle to resolve certain claims in the litigation. Under the terms of the agreement, plaintiffs will receive an incremental pension benefit in exchange for the settlement of some claims, and a stipulated remedy on remaining claims if plaintiffs prevail on appeal. Under the terms of the settlement, the judge will issue no further rulings on remedies. This settlement, together with a previous settlement of a claim referred to as the partial plan termination claim resulted in the company taking a one-time charge of $320 million in the third quarter of 2004.
This agreement ends the litigation on all claims except the two claims associated with IBM’s cash balance formula. The company will appeal the rulings on these claims. The company continues to believe that its pension plan formulas are fair and legal. The company has reached this agreement in the interest of the business and the company shareholders, and to allow for a review of its cash balance formula by the Court of Appeals. The company continues to believe it is likely to be successful on appeal.
 
The agreement stipulates that if the company is not successful on appeal of the two remaining claims, the agreed remedy will be increased by up to $1.4 billion — $780 million for the claim that the company’s cash balance formula is age discriminatory, and $620 million for the claim that the method used to establish opening account balances during the 1999 conversion discriminated on the basis of age (referred to as the “always cash balance” claim). The maximum additional liability the company could face in this case if it is not successful on appeal is therefore capped at $1.4 billion.
 
On May 19, 2005, the District Court gave its preliminary approval of the settlement, and formal notices were sent to class members.  A fairness hearing is currently scheduled for August 2005, at which time the court will entertain any objections to the settlement from class members.  Upon approval of the settlement, IBM will appeal the liability rulings for the cash balance claims.  As a result, the company estimates that the entire process could take up to another 12-18 months from the date of this report before reaching final conclusion.
 
The company is a defendant in an action filed on March 6, 2003 in state court in Salt Lake City, Utah by The SCO Group. The company removed the case to Federal Court in Utah. Plaintiff is successor in interest to some of AT&T’s Unix IP rights, and alleges copyright infringement, unfair competition, interference with contract and breach of contract with regard to the company’s distribution of AIX and contribution of unspecified code to Linux. The company has asserted counterclaims, including breach of contract, violation of the Lanham Act, unfair competition, intentional torts, unfair and deceptive trade practices, breach of the General Public License that governs open source distributions, patent infringement, promissory estoppel and copyright infringement. Trial is now scheduled for February 2007.
 
In May 2005, the Louisiana Supreme Court denied the company’s motion to review and reverse a Louisiana state court’s certification of a nationwide class in a case filed against the company in 1995.  The class consists of certain former employees who left the company in 1992, and their spouses.  They claim damages based on the company’s termination of an education assistance program.  The company has a pending summary judgment motion in the trial court.  No date has been set for trial.
 
On June 30, 2005, the company and Microsoft Corp. reached an agreement to resolve certain antitrust claims.  The company also agreed, subject to certain limitations, that it will not assert antitrust claims for damages related to its server hardware and server software businesses for two years and, in any case, will not seek to recover damages on such claims incurred prior to June 30, 2002.  Microsoft also released antitrust claims.  Under the agreement, Microsoft will pay the company $775 million and extend $75 million in credit towards future purchases for internal deployment of Microsoft software at the company.  The $775 million is reflected in the company’s results for the second quarter.
 
On June 2, 2003 the company announced that it received notice of a formal, nonpublic investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC is seeking information relating to revenue recognition in 2000 and 2001 primarily concerning certain types of client transactions. The company believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of Dollar General Corporation, a client of the company’s Retail Stores Solutions unit, which markets and sells point of sale products.
 
On January 8, 2004, the company announced that it received a “Wells Notice” from the staff of the SEC in connection with the staff’s investigation of Dollar General Corporation, which as noted above, is a client of the company’s Retail Stores Solutions unit. It is the company’s understanding that an employee in the company’s Sales & Distribution unit also received a Wells Notice from the SEC in connection with this matter. The Wells Notice notifies the company that the SEC staff is considering recommending that the SEC bring a civil action against the company for possible violations of the U.S. securities laws relating to Dollar General’s accounting for a specific transaction, by participating in and aiding and abetting Dollar General’s misstatement of its 2000 results. In that transaction, the company paid Dollar General $11 million for certain used equipment as part of a sale of IBM replacement equipment in Dollar General’s 2000 fourth fiscal quarter. Under the SEC’s procedures, the company responded to the SEC staff regarding whether any action should be brought against the company by the SEC. The separate SEC investigation noted above, relating to the recognition of revenue by the company in 2000 and 2001 primarily concerning certain types of client transactions, is not the subject of this Wells Notice.
 
On June 27, 2005, the company announced that it had received a request to voluntarily comply with an informal investigation by the staff of the SEC concerning the company’s disclosures relating to the company’s first quarter 2005 earnings and expensing of equity compensation.  The SEC has informed the company that the informal investigation is not an indication that any violations of law have occurred.
 
On July 8, 2005, a lawsuit was filed against the company and its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, purportedly on behalf of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities of the company between April 5, 2005 and April 15, 2005.  The complaint alleges that defendants made certain misrepresentations during this period, violating Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  Neither the company nor the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer has been served with a copy of the complaint at this time.
 
In January 2004, the Seoul District Prosecutors Office in South Korea announced it had brought criminal bid rigging charges against several companies, including IBM Korea and LG IBM (a joint venture between IBM Korea and LG Electronics) and had also charged employees of some of those entities with, among other things, bribery of certain officials of government-controlled entities in Korea, and bid rigging. IBM Korea and LG IBM cooperated fully with authorities in these matters. A number of individuals, including former IBM Korea and LG IBM employees, were subsequently found guilty and sentenced. IBM Korea and LG IBM were also required to pay fines. IBM Korea has been debarred from doing business directly with certain government controlled entities in Korea. The orders, imposed at different times, cover a period of no more than a year from the date of issuance. The orders do not prohibit IBM Korea from selling products and services to business partners who sell to government controlled entities in Korea. In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC have both contacted the company in connection with this matter.
 
The company is party to, or otherwise involved in, proceedings brought by U.S. federal or state environmental agencies under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), known as “Superfund,” or laws similar to CERCLA. Such statutes require potentially responsible parties to participate in remediation activities regardless of fault or ownership of sites. The company is also conducting environmental investigations or remediations at or in the vicinity of several current or former operating sites pursuant to permits, administrative orders or agreements with state environmental agencies, and is involved in lawsuits and claims concerning certain current or former operating sites.
 
In accordance with SFAS No. 5, “Accounting for Contingencies,” the company records a provision with respect to a claim, suit, investigation or proceeding when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Any provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and are adjusted to reflect the impact and status of settlements, rulings, advice of counsel and other information pertinent to a particular matter. Any recorded liabilities for the above items, including any changes to such liabilities for the three months ended June 30, 2005, were not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Based on its experience, the company believes that the damage amounts claimed in the matters referred to above are not a meaningful indicator of the potential liability. Litigation is inherently uncertain and it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of the matters previously discussed. While the company will continue to defend itself vigorously in all such matters, it is possible that the company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these matters.
 
Whether any losses, damages or remedies finally determined in any such claim, suit, investigation or proceeding could reasonably have a material effect on the company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow will depend on a number of variables, including the timing and amount of such losses or damages, the structure and type of any such remedies, the significance of the impact any such losses, damages or remedies may have on the company’s Consolidated Financial Statements, and the unique facts and circumstances of the particular matter which may give rise to additional factors.


89781 7/27/2005 8/9/2005
Item 1.	Legal Proceedings
 
Beginning on July 27, 2005, a series of securities class action complaints were filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California on behalf of persons who acquired our common stock between November 3, 2004 and July 20, 2005 (collectively, the “Actions”). The Actions purport to allege claims against Molina Healthcare, Inc., J. Mario Molina, and John C. Molina for alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 arising out of the Company’s announcement of its guidance for the 2005 second quarter and fiscal year. The Actions, and any subsequently filed related actions, will be consolidated into a single consolidated action. The Actions are in the early stages, and no prediction can be made as to the outcome. We believe the Actions are without merit and intend to defend against them vigorously.


83728 7/28/2005 8/9/2005
Part II — OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1 — Legal Proceedings
We are, from time to time, a party to litigation and arbitration that arises in the normal course of our business operations. We are also subject to other potential litigation, disputes, and regulatory or governmental inquiry. While any proceeding contains an element of uncertainty, we believe that we are not presently a party to any such litigation or arbitration that is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business or operations.
We received a subpoena from the SEC in February 2005, a subpoena from the Office of the Attorney General for the State of New York (the "NYAG") in March 2005, and a subpoena from the United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York in June 2005, each of which relates to the industry-wide investigations into non-traditional, or loss mitigation, (re)insurance products. The subpoenas from the SEC and the United States Attorney's Office also relate to our business practice review and/or to our determination to restate the Company's financial statements for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2003, 2002 and 2001. In July 2005, James N. Stanard, the Company's Chairman and CEO, received a Wells Notice from the staff of the SEC in connection with the SEC's investigation. The Wells Notice indicates that the staff intends to recommend that the SEC bring a civil enforcement action against Mr. Stanard alleging violations of federal securities laws. The Company understands that Michael W. Cash, a former officer of the Company, also received a Wells Notice in connection with the SEC's investigation. In April 2005, we also received subpoenas from the SEC and the NYAG relating to our investment in Channel Re. We are cooperating with the SEC, the NYAG, and the United States Attorney's Office in these ongoing investigations. We are unable to predict the ultimate impact, if any, these investigations may have on our business, including as to our senior management team. It is possible that the investigations may result in penalties or require remediation, or may otherwise impact out senior management team in a manner which may be adverse to us, perhaps materially so.
In late July 2005 and the first week of August 2005, at least three putative class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by purchasers of the Company's common stock naming the Company and certain of its present and former executive officers and directors as defendants. The complaints allege that the Company and the other defendants violated the federal securities laws by making material misstatements and failing to state material facts about the Company's business and financial condition, among other things, in securities act filings and public statements. Plaintiffs seek damages in an unspecified amount to compensate an alleged class of persons who purchased the Company's stock between January 24, 2002 and July 25, 2005. One of the actions also includes claims on behalf of purchasers of the Company's 6.08% Series C perpetual preference shares. No class has been certified in these actions, and the Company has not been served with the complaints. The Company intends to vigorously defend these lawsuits but is unable at this time to ascertain the impact this litigation may have on its financial position or results of operations.
?


90564 8/3/2005 8/9/2005
PART II. OTHER INFORMATION
 
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
In June 2003, Dr. Jason Theodosakis filed a lawsuit, Theodosakis v. Walgreens, et al., in Federal District Court in Arizona, alleging that two of the Company’s subsidiaries, Medtech Products and Pecos Pharmaceutical, as well as other unrelated parties, infringed the trade dress of two of his published books.  Specifically, Dr. Theodosakis published “The Arthritis Cure” and “Maximizing the Arthritis Cure” regarding the use of dietary supplements to treat arthritis patients.  Dr. Theodosakis alleged that his books have a distinctive trade dress, or cover layout, design, color and typeface, and those products that the defendants sold under the ARTHx trademarks infringed the books’ trade dress and constituted unfair competition and false designation of origin.  Additionally, Dr. Theodosakis alleged that the defendants made false endorsements of the products by referencing his books on the product packaging and that the use of his name, books and trade dress invaded his right to publicity.  The Company sold the ARTHx trademarks, goodwill and inventory to a third party, Contract Pharmacal Corporation, in March 2003.  On January 12, 2005, the court granted the Company’s motion for summary judgment and dismissed all claims against Pecos and Medtech.  The plaintiff has filed an appeal in the U.S. Court of Appeals which is pending.
 
On January 3, 2005, the Company was served with process by its former lead counsel in the Theodosakis litigation seeking $679 plus interest.  The case was filed in the Supreme Court of New York and is styled as Dickstein Shapiro et al v. Medtech Products, Inc.  In February 2005, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint naming the Pecos Pharmaceutical Company as defendant.  The Company has answered and filed a counterclaim against Dickstein and also filed a third party complaint against the Lexington Insurance Company.  The Company believes that if there is any obligation to the Dickstein firm relating to this matter, it is an obligation of Lexington and not the Company.
 
On May 9, 2005, the Company was served with a complaint in a class action lawsuit filed in Essex County, Massachusetts, styled as Dawn Thompson v. Wyeth, Inc. relating to the Company’s Little Remedies pediatric cough products.  The Company is one of several corporate defendants, all of whom market over-the-counter cough syrup products for pediatric use.  The complaint alleges that the ingredient dextromethorphan is no more effective than a placebo.  There is no allegation of physical injury caused by the product or the ingredient.  In June 2005, the Company was served in a second class action complaint involving dextromethorphan.  The second case, styled Tina Yescavage v. Wyeth was filed in Lee County Florida and similarly involves multiple corporate defendants.  The Company believes that both of the dextromethorphan cases are without merit and is actively pursuing appropriate defenses.  The use of dextromethorphan in pediatric products is fully consistent with and supported by Food and Drug Administration regulations.
 
On August 3, 2005, a complaint in a class action lawsuit, Charter Township of Clinton Police and Fire Retirement System v. Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. et al, was filed in United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, on behalf of all persons who purchased the Company’s securities pursuant to and/or traceable to the Company’s IPO on or about February 9, 2005 through July 28, 2005.  The complaint also names as defendants Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, Goldman, Sachs & Co and J.P. Morgan Securities Inc., the lead or co-lead underwriters of the IPO.  The complaint charges the Company, certain of its officers and directors, and other insiders with violations of the Securities Act of 1933.  The Company plans to defend this matter vigorously.
 
The Company has been made aware of the possibility of additional similar class action lawsuits.  If these potential lawsuits are filed, the Company plans to defend these matters vigorously.
 
The Company is also involved from time to time in routine legal matters and other claims incidental to its business. When it appears probable in management’s judgment that the Company will incur monetary damages or other costs in connection with such claims and proceedings, and such costs can be reasonably estimated, liabilities are recorded in the financial statements and charges are recorded against earnings. The Company believes the resolution of such routine matters and other incidental claims, taking into account reserves and insurance, will not have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operation.


78034 8/9/2005 9/8/2005
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 Four purported class action lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, naming the Company and certain officers and directors and alleging certain violations of the federal securities laws. On August 31, 2005 the Court entered an order consolidating the cases into a single action captioned In re Patterson Companies, Inc. Securities Litigation docketed as File No. 05cv1757 DSD/NMJ. Because of the status of the proceedings as well as the contingencies and uncertainties associated with litigation, it is not possible to predict the exposure that the Company will have, if any, in connection with the claims. The Company believes that the allegations made against it in the lawsuits are without merit and it intends to vigorously defend the claims. 


73940 8/17/2005 8/17/2005
Symbol Technologies Announces a Class Action Lawsuit Has Been Filed Against the Company
2005-08-17 17:53:00 UTC
HOLTSVILLE, N.Y., Aug. 17 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Symbol Technologies, Inc. (NYSE: SBL), today announced that a federal class action lawsuit has been filed against the Company and two former officers of the Company in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The complaint alleges, among other things, that Symbol violated the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by issuing false or misleading statements concerning the prospects, financial results and financial controls of Symbol during the period from May 2004 to August 2005. The complaint seeks unspecified damages. Symbol is reviewing the complaint and intends to defend the suit vigorously.


86728 8/30/2005 9/2/2005
Mannatech to Defend Lawsuits
2005-09-02 21:00:00 UTC
COPPELL, TX -- (MARKET WIRE) -- 09/02/05 --
Mannatech, Inc. (NASDAQ: MTEX) learned yesterday that three additional securities lawsuits have been filed against the Company and some of its officers seeking class action status. The Company has reviewed the allegations in the lawsuits and believes they are without merit. Unfortunately, these types of repetitive lawsuits (seeking class action status) are common in today's litigious society and many reputable companies have successfully defended against similar litigation. The Company believes these new suits are similar to another suit that made essentially the same allegations that was filed in New Mexico earlier this year. That litigation was disclosed in the Company's Form 10Q filed on August 9, 2005, for the period ended June 30, 2005. At that time the Company commented that the initial litigation was also without merit and said it would mount a strong defense.
The Company has retained experienced securities litigation counsel to defend itself and its officers and plans to fight the cases vigorously. The Company believes that litigation is inherently unpredictable; however when faced with several lawsuits making similar allegations, the courts frequently consolidate such cases. It should also be noted that a court must certify the purported class action status for a case to proceed as a class action lawsuit and that the courts have not made such a decision in any of these cases.


88158 8/31/2005 9/1/2005
Item 8.01. Other Events.
On August 30, 2005 a purported class action lawsuit captioned, John Friedmann v. Intermix Media, Inc. et. al., Case No. BC339083 was filed in the California Superior Court, County of Los Angeles, against us, our Chief Executive Officer, our President, the remaining members of our board of directors and entities affiliated with our largest stockholder, VantagePoint Venture Partners. The complaint alleges that in pursuing an acquisition of Intermix by Fox Interactive Media and approving the associated merger agreement, the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to our public stockholders by, among other things, failing to solicit alternative transactions, failing to maximize the value of Intermix to our public stockholders, undervaluing Intermix and our subsidiary, MySpace, Inc., structuring the transaction so that our stockholders would not receive a change of control premium and engaging in self dealing. The complaint seeks an injunction preventing the completion of the merger, an order directing our directors to exercise their fiduciary duties to obtain a transaction in the best interests of our stockholders, rescission of the proposed merger to the extent already implemented and reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees.
 
On August 26, 2005 a similar purported class action lawsuit captioned Ron Sheppard v. Richard Rosenblatt et. al., was filed in the California Superior Court, County of Los Angeles, also naming as defendants our Chief Executive Officer, Richard M. Rosenblatt, our President, Brett Brewer, the remaining members of our board of directors and entities affiliated with our largest stockholder, VantagePoint Venture Partners. The complaint similarly alleges that in pursuing an acquisition of Intermix by Fox Interactive Media and approving the merger agreement, the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to the holders of our common stock by, among other things, engaging in self-dealing, approving a transaction in which the holders of our preferred stock are favored at the expense of Intermix’ common stockholders, failing to obtain the highest price reasonably available for Intermix and its stockholders, seeking to terminate the standing of certain stockholders to maintain a derivative claim against the defendants, obtaining greater indemnification protection for alleged prior misconduct of our officers and directors at the expense of our common stockholders and agreeing to the termination fee provisions in the merger agreement. The complaint further alleges that the merger agreement resulted from a flawed process and that the defendants tailored the terms of the merger to advance their own interests. The complaint seeks an injunction preventing the completion of the merger, an order directing our directors to exercise their fiduciary duties to obtain a transaction in the best interests of our stockholders, rescission of the proposed merger to the extent already implemented and reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees.
 
In addition to the foregoing, a complaint entitled Brad Greenspan v. Alan Salzman, et. al., Case No. BC338786, was filed in the California Superior Court, Los Angeles against our Chief Executive Officer, our President, certain of our other current and former officers and directors, entities affiliated with our largest stockholder, VantagePoint Venture Partners and certain principals of VantagePoint Venture Partners The complaint, for breach of fiduciary duty, includes substantially the same allegations made by Mr. Greenspan in previously filed and disclosed lawsuits, namely that defendants entered into a conspiracy to consummate our sale of Series C Preferred Stock to VantagePoint in October 2003 and to remove Mr. Greenspan from a controlling role in Intermix, thereby furthering defendants’ own interests at the expense of those of us and our stockholders, including Mr. Greenspan’s minority interest. Mr. Greenspan further alleges that defendants’ actions have now culminated in the loss of Mr. Greenspan’s interest in Intermix for a cash payment allegedly below its value. Mr. Greenspan seeks compensatory and consequential damages, punitive damages, fees and costs, injunctive relief and other remedies.
 
The time for the defendants to respond to the complaints described above has not yet expired and, to date, no motions have been filed by any of the parties to the lawsuit. We believe the lawsuits described above are meritless and we intend to vigorously defend against the claims and allegations in the complaints. Defending these actions may require significant attention and resources of management and, regardless of the outcome, result in significant legal expenses. Furthermore, one of the conditions to the closing of the merger is that there is no injunction issued by any court preventing the consummation of the merger. While we believe the claims made in the complaints are without merit, no assurance can be given that the purported class action lawsuits discussed above will not result in such an injunction being issued, which could prevent or delay the closing of the merger.
 
IMPORTANT ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FILED WITH THE SEC
 
Intermix has filed a proxy statement in connection with the proposed merger, which has been mailed to Intermix’s stockholders. This Current Report on Form 8-K is expressly incorporated by reference into the proxy statement. Intermix’s stockholders are urged to read the proxy statement in its entirety and any other relevant materials when they become available as they contain important information about the merger and Intermix. Investors and security holders may obtain free copies of these documents – and other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) – at the SEC’s Web site at www.sec.gov. In addition, investors and security holders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Intermix by going to Intermix’s Investor Relations page on its corporate Web site at www.intermix.com.
 
Intermix and its directors and executive officers may be deemed to be participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. A description of any interests that Intermix’s officers and directors have in the merger is available in the proxy statement. Information regarding Intermix’s directors and executive officers is contained in Intermix’s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the year ended December 31, 2004, which is filed with the SEC. These documents are available free of charge at the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov or by going to Intermix’s corporate website at www.intermix.com.

?
88158 8/31/2005 9/21/2005
Item 8.01. Other Events.
 
As previously announced in our Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 1, 2005, two putative class action law suits captioned Ron Sheppard v. Richard Rosenblatt et. al., Case No. BC338945 and John Friedmann v. Intermix Media, Inc. et. al., Case No. BC339083, were filed in the California Superior Court, County of Los Angeles on August 26, 2005 and August 31, 2005, respectively.
 
These lawsuits named as defendants the company, our Chief Executive Officer, Richard M. Rosenblatt, and the remaining members of our board of directors and venture funds, collectively beneficially owning approximately 21.5% of our outstanding voting power, affiliated with VantagePoint Venture Partners. The lawsuits allege that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to our public stockholders and/or aided and abetted breaches of fiduciary duties in pursuing an acquisition of us by News Corporation and approving the associated merger agreement. The complaints also seek an injunction preventing the completion of the merger, an order directing our directors to exercise their fiduciary duties to obtain a transaction in the best interests of our stockholders, rescission of the proposed merger to the extent already implemented and reasonable costs and attorneys’ fees. Each of the defendants believes that the class action lawsuits are without merit.
 
Following limited expedited discovery, the plaintiffs and the named defendants entered into discussions with respect to a potential settlement. Although a settlement has not yet been reached, based on our settlement discussions we are providing the following information in this Current Report:
 
Additional Information Regarding Unsolicited Acquisition Proposals and Discussions with Company D
 
As is disclosed in our definitive proxy statement on Schedule 14A that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 25, 2005 and mailed to our stockholders (which we refer to as our “proxy statement”), we are permitted, under certain circumstances, to furnish information to and participate in discussions and negotiations with a person making an unsolicited acquisition proposal to us. Our board of directors may, prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by our stockholders, withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Fox Interactive Media its recommendation to vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement (including as a result of receipt of an acquisition proposal from a third party) if:
 
 our board has determined in good faith that taking such action is necessary for the members of the board to comply with their fiduciary duties under applicable law,
 
 we have given Fox Interactive Media three (3) business days prior written notice of our intention to take such action, and following our receipt of an acquisition proposal from a third party, our board has considered in good faith any proposed changes to the merger agreement proposed in writing by Fox Interactive Media and has determined that the third party acquisition proposal constitutes a superior proposal to the merger after giving effect to the changes proposed by Fox Interactive Media.
Prior to our execution of the merger agreement, we engaged in discussions with, and provided significant due diligence information to, Company D. However, at no time did Company D make a proposal or offer with respect to an acquisition of our company. We believe, based on the extent of the information that we provided to representatives of Company D prior to the execution of the merger agreement, that Company D had sufficient information regarding our company from which it could have made (and could still make) an acquisition proposal to us. Since our announcement of the execution of the merger agreement, we have not received further requests for information from representatives of Company D (or from any other party) with respect to a potential acquisition transaction, nor have we received an acquisition proposal from Company D (or from any other party).
 
Information Relating to Vesting of Stock Options of Directors
 
As is disclosed in our proxy statement, our board of directors approved the acceleration of the vesting of all stock options held by Mr. Rosenblatt if the merger is consummated, which acceleration will occur immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. Our board of directors considered a number of factors in determining to approve the acceleration of Mr. Rosenblatt’s options, including his contributions to the company and to the building of stockholder value both historically and in connection with the merger. In addition, the terms of the stock options that we previously issued to our non-employee directors in accordance with our director compensation program at the time of grant provide that the unvested portion of all such stock options will vest in full upon a change of control of Intermix that results in replacement or removal of the applicable director. Each of our directors will be replaced as a director in connection with the merger and, accordingly (and as is disclosed in our proxy statement), the vesting of all stock options held by non-employee members of our Board of Directors will accelerate as a result of the merger. The table below provides the following details regarding the aggregate cash consideration that our directors will receive for the options and shares owned by them in connection with the merger:
 
 the amount of cash consideration to be received with respect to shares currently owned by directors,
 
 the amount of cash consideration to be received with respect to stock options held by directors that will vest prior to September 30, 2005 (without regard to any provision in the merger agreement),
 
 the amount of cash consideration to be received with respect to stock options held by directors that would not otherwise vest prior to September 30, 2005 but that will be accelerated immediately prior to the effective time of the merger,  the amount of cash consideration to be received with respect to stock options held by an employee director that will not vest prior to September 30, 2005 and that will not be accelerated in connection with the merger, and
 
the total aggregate amount of cash consideration to be received with respect to all shares and stock options held by directors.
Cash to be Received in Connection with the Merger in Exchange for:
Name of Executive Officer or Director    
Shares
Currently
Owned
Options that
will vest prior
to September
30, 2005
Options that
will vest as a
result of
Merger
Unvested
Options(1)
Total
Richard Rosenblatt	  	$	2,706,000	(2)	 	$	10,932,750	  	$	9,407,250	  	 	—  	  	$	23,046,000
Brett Brewer	  	 	—  	 	 	$	10,425,000	  	 	—  	  	$	646,250	  	$	11,071,250
David Carlick	  	$	240,000	 	 	$	568,133	  	$	291,667	  	 	—  	  	$	1,099,800
Daniel Mosher	  	$	90,000	 	 	$	1,254,133	  	$	291,667	  	 	—  	  	$	1,635,800
Lawrence Moreau	  	 	—  	 	 	 	—  	  	 	—  	  	 	—  	  	 	—  
James Quandt	  	 	—  	 	 	$	377,550	  	$	335,000	  	 	—  	  	$	712,550
Andrew Sheehan	  	 	—  	 	 	$	568,133	  	$	291,667	  	 	—  	  	$	859,800
William Woodward	  	$	60,000	(3)	 	$	108,492	  	$	230,833	  	 	—  	  	$	399,325
 
(1)	Pursuant to the merger agreement, cash relating to unvested options is payable in installments made when and if such unvested options would have vested.
 
(2)	Includes 180,000 shares issued to Highview Ventures, LLC in connection with the company’s acquisition of assets of Supernation, LLC.
 
Mr. Rosenblatt is the sole Managing Member of Highview and exercises shared voting and investment power over the shares held by Highview.
 
(3)	Includes 5,000 shares held by WRW Investments, L.P., a limited partnership in which Mr. Woodward holds shared voting and investment power.
 
Additional Information Regarding Merger Consideration with respect to Certain Series of Preferred Stock
 
Venture funds affiliated with VantagePoint Venture Partners are the sole holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock. Two of our directors, Andrew Sheehan and David Carlick, are Managing Directors of VantagePoint Venture Partners. As is disclosed in our proxy statement, holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock (other than holders who properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) will be entitled to receive merger consideration per share of preferred stock in an amount equal to $14.60, $13.50 and $14.00, respectively. Such amounts differ from the merger consideration of $12.00 per share that holders of our common stock are entitled to receive in the merger because under the terms of the certificates of designation governing our preferred stock, holders of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to receive a liquidation preference per share of preferred stock before any payments are made to our common stockholders in connection with liquidation of our company. This liquidation preference equals $2.60, $1.50 and $2.00 for each share of our Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, Series C Convertible Preferred Stock and Series C-1 Convertible Preferred Stock, respectively. The certificates of designation governing those series of preferred stock permit a majority of the holders of a series of preferred stock to elect that a sale of our company, such as the merger, be treated as a liquidation. Once such liquidation preference has been paid, such holders of preferred stock are entitled to share in the remaining proceeds from a liquidation, including a sale of our company, on a pro rata basis with holders of our common stock (as if such holders of preferred stock had converted their shares of preferred stock into common stock).
 
Accordingly, the holders of shares of these series of preferred stock will receive in the merger on a per share basis their liquidation preference payable in the merger plus the same $12.00 amount payable to the holders of our common stock on a per share basis. The aggregate amount of liquidation preferences payable in the merger for these series of preferred stock is approximately $12.9 million.
 
Additional Information Regarding Indemnification Provisions in the Merger Agreement
 
Under the terms of our existing organizational documents, our officers and directors are entitled to indemnification for acts or omissions to the fullest extent allowed under Delaware law. As is disclosed in our proxy statement, the merger agreement provides that after the effective time of the merger, our officers and directors will continue to be entitled to indemnification from the surviving corporation with respect to acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the effective time to the fullest extent allowed under Delaware law. Fox Interactive Media is required to maintain the indemnification provisions that are contained in our current organizational documents in the organizational documents of the surviving corporation for a period of six years following the effective time of the merger. In addition, Fox Interactive Media is required to maintain in effect directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for a period of six years from the effective time of the merger and to continue in full force and effect after the merger the indemnification provisions contained in specified agreements in accordance with their terms.
 
In addition to the foregoing indemnification obligations, as is disclosed in the proxy statement, News Corporation has agreed to indemnify our current officers and directors with respect to claims related to the merger agreement and the merger to the fullest extent allowed by Delaware law. The principle impact of the agreement by News Corporation is that, in addition to the rights of our officers and directors to seek indemnification from the surviving corporation or under any applicable insurance policies, our officers and directors may also seek indemnification from News Corporation with respect to such matters. News Corporation’s financial resources are likely to be greater than those of the surviving corporation. However, the indemnification obligations of News Corporation under the merger agreement do not expand the scope of matters with respect to which our officers and directors may seek indemnification.

83976 9/2/2005 9/8/2005
PART II — OTHER INFORMATION
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The following includes updated information relating to certain of the Company’s material legal proceedings as previously reported in A&F’s 2004 Annual Report on Form 10-K and updated in A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended April 30, 2005.
In Melissa Mitchell, et al. v. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. and Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., the state law claim of plaintiff Oros was dismissed by the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio on May 17, 2005 and his Fair Labor Standards Act claim remains pending. The defendants filed an answer to plaintiffs’ October 28, 2004 amended complaint on May 23, 2005 and the parties have commenced discovery. In Casey Fuller, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., because of its similarities to the Mitchell case, the defendant filed, on April 19, 2005, a motion to stay the Fuller case pending the outcome of the Mitchell case or, in the alternative, transfer the Fuller case to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. On May 31, 2005, the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee transferred the Fuller case to the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio. On September 2, 2005, the Fuller case was consolidated with the Mitchell case for all purposes.
As a recent development to the stockholder derivative lawsuits filed in February 2005 and consolidated under the caption In re Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Shareholder Derivative Litigation, Consol. C.A. No. 1077-N and as discussed in A&F’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 26, 2005, the settlement agreement previously discussed in A&F’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 14, 2005 and attached to A&F’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on June 9, 2005 was approved by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware on June 14, 2005.
In Shelby Port, et al v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., the parties have agreed to a settlement of the matter, which must be approved by the Washington Superior Court of King County. The parties filed a joint motion for preliminary approval of the settlement on or about June 6, 2005. The Washington Superior Court of King County preliminarily approved the settlement on June 13, 2005 and a final approval hearing is scheduled for September 19, 2005. The Company believes that the impact of the proposed settlement will not have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
In Bryan T. Kimbell, Individually and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated and on Behalf of the Public v. Abercrombie & Fitch Stores, Inc., the parties have agreed to a settlement of the matter, which must be approved by the California Superior Court for Los Angeles County. The parties filed a joint motion for preliminary approval of the settlement on August 26, 2005. The Company believes that the impact of the proposed settlement will not have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
On September 2, 2005, a purported class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio on behalf of a purported class of all persons who purchased or acquired securities of Abercrombie & Fitch Co. between June 2, 2005 and August 16, 2005. Based on a preliminary review and analysis of the complaint, the Company believes the suit has no merit and intends to vigorously defend itself in court.
The Company believes that additional purported class action lawsuits have been filed against the Company and certain of its officers, which are believed to be similar to the aforesaid lawsuit.


86355 9/12/2005 9/22/2005
DHB Industries Will Vigorously Defend Lawsuits
2005-09-22 21:14:00 UTC
WESTBURY, N.Y., Sept. 22 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- DHB Industries Inc. (Amex: DHB), DHB Industries, Inc., operating principally in the field of body armor, announced that, since September 16, 2005, it has been served with a number of lawsuits, all of which contain similar allegations. One of the lawsuits is filed as a derivative action and names the Company and all of its directors as defendants. All of the other lawsuits are purported class actions and name the Company and all or some of its directors as defendants.
The lawsuits allege violations of the federal securities laws and/or state law claims based on purported fraud, misrepresentation, and breach of fiduciary duty. The central allegation in each lawsuit is that DHB public disclosures from April 2004 to August 2005 were false or misleading because they did not disclose certain information. The lawsuits allege that DHB's body armor products were defective and failed to meet the standards of its customers, and that these alleged facts should have been publicly disclosed. The lawsuits seek monetary damages and various forms of equitable relief. The Company adamantly denies that any of its public disclosures have been false or misleading.
These lawsuits followed DHB's announcement, on August 30, 2005, that it was discontinuing production of Zylon(R)-containing bullet resistant products due to the sudden, unexpected action of the National Institute of Justice (NIJ), a division of the Department of Justice, in issuing a Body Armor Standard Advisory Notice alerting law enforcement agencies of the potential risks associated with the use of Zylon(R) in body armor. As a result, the Company immediately announced on August 30, 2005, that it was implementing a replacement program to assist customers who presently have body armor containing Zylon(R).
As previously disclosed, the Company remains confident in the safety and performance of all of its body armor products, including those containing Zylon(R). The vast majority of body armor sold by the Company does not contain any Zylon(R). This includes substantially all of the body armor sold to branches of the U.S. Military. During the past five years, sales of body armor containing Zylon(R) made up less than five percent of the Company's total revenues. All of these models were certified by the NIJ prior to being sold to customers.
The Company cannot predict the outcome of the lawsuits or whether the Company's financial condition or results of operations may be materially affected as a result of the lawsuits. Because of their similarity, the Company believes that most or all of the lawsuits will be consolidated into a single action and that the Company will not be required to defend all of the lawsuits individually. The Company believes that the recently filed lawsuits are baseless and intends to vigorously defend them.


86355 9/12/2005 9/23/2005
DHB INDUSTRIES WILL VIGOROUSLY DEFEND LAWSUITS
Westbury, NY - September 22, 2005 - DHB Industries,  Inc., operating principally in the field of body armor,  announced  that,  since  September 16, 2005, it has been served with a number of lawsuits, all of which contain similar allegations. One of the  lawsuits is filed as a  derivative  action and names the Company and all of its  directors as  defendants.  All of the other  lawsuits are  purported class  actions  and  name  the  Company  and  all or some  of its  directors  as defendants.

The lawsuits allege  violations of the federal  securities laws and/or state law claims  based on  purported  fraud,  misrepresentation,  and breach of fiduciary duty. The central allegation in each lawsuit is that DHB public disclosures from April 2004 to August 2005 were false or misleading because they did not disclose certain  information.  The lawsuits  allege that DHB's body armor  products were
defective  and failed to meet the  standards  of its  customers,  and that these alleged  facts should have been publicly  disclosed.  The lawsuits seek monetary damages and various forms of equitable relief. The Company adamantly denies that any of its public disclosures have been false or misleading. These lawsuits  followed  DHB's  announcement,  on August 30, 2005,  that it was discontinuing production of Zylon(R)-containing bullet resistant products due to the sudden,  unexpected  action of the National  Institute of Justice  (NIJ),  a division of the Department of Justice, in issuing a Body Armor Standard Advisory Notice alerting law enforcement  agencies of the potential risks associated with the  use of  Zylon(R)  in body  armor.  As a  result,  the  Company  immediately announced on August 30, 2005 that it was  implementing a replacement  program to assist customers who presently have body armor containing Zylon(R).

As  previously  disclosed,  the  Company  remains  confident  in the  safety and performance  of all of its  body  armor  products,  including  those  containing Zylon(R).  The vast  majority of body armor sold by the Company does not contain any Zylon(R). This includes substantially all of the body armor sold to branches of the U.S. Military. During the past five years, sales of body armor containing Zylon(R)  made up less than 5% of the  Company's  total  revenues.  All of these models were certified by the NIJ before being sold to customers.
The Company  cannot predict the outcome of the lawsuits or whether the Company's financial  condition or results of operations  may be  materially  affected as a result of the lawsuits.  Because of their similarity,  the Company believes that most or all of the lawsuits will be  consolidated  into a single action and that the Company will not be required to defend all of the lawsuits individually. The Company  believes that the recently  filed  lawsuits are baseless and intends to vigorously defend them.



79444 11/30/2005 12/5/2005
STONE ENERGY CORPORATION
Announces Findings of Independent Review
LAFAYETTE, LA. December 5, 2005
     Stone Energy Corporation (NYSE: SGY) today announced the findings of the independent review by the audit committee of Stone’s board of directors concerning the downward revisions to its proved reserves.
     On October 6, 2005, Stone announced a downward revision of its proved reserves of approximately 171 billion cubic feet of natural gas equivalent (Bcfe), and on November 8, 2005, Stone announced that it will restate certain historical financial statements. In addition, Stone had previously disclosed that the law firm of Davis Polk & Wardwell, which had been engaged by the audit committee to assist in its investigations of reserve revisions, had issued a preliminary report to the audit committee.
     Davis Polk presented its final report to the Stone audit committee and board of directors on November 28, 2005. The report reiterated a number of findings in Davis Polk’s preliminary report, and found that a number of factors at Stone contributed to the write-down of reserves, including the following:
 Stone lacked adequate internal guidance or training on the SEC standard for estimating proved reserves;
 			
There is evidence that some former members of Stone management failed to fully grasp the conservatism of the SEC’s “reasonable certainty” standard of booking reserves; and
 			
There is also evidence that there was an optimistic and aggressive “tone from the top” with respect to estimating reserves. Some on the Stone technical staff felt pressure to interpret the geological and engineering data in an aggressive manner; and there were several factors that may have prevented or discouraged the technical staff from pushing back against the optimistic tone from the top and the pressure that some perceived with respect to reserve estimation. In addition, there was evidence of a reluctance to write down proved reserves.
As part of its final report, Davis Polk made recommendations, including:
 	Adopt and distribute written guidelines to its staff on the SEC reserve reporting requirements;
 			
 	Provide training for employees on the SEC requirements;
 			
 	Continue to emphasize the difference between SEC’s standard of measuring proved reserves and the criteria that Stone might use in making business decisions; and
 	Institute and cultivate a culture of compliance to ensure that the foregoing contributing factors do not recur.
 
     Davis Polk also advised that Stone’s board of directors must review, understand and have confidence in the process of reserve estimation, and in view of the reserves issue, has a heightened obligation to exercise supervisory responsibilities.
     Davis Polk acknowledged as positive developments and consistent with some of its recommendations certain recent changes in Stone’s reserves estimation process, including the intention to expand the use and scope of reviews and evaluations by outside consulting firms, approval by the CEO of bookings over 5 Bcfe, mandatory training, the reorganization of management responsibilities for the supervision of the reserve estimation process and the formation of a reserves committee of the board of directors.
     The Stone audit committee and board of directors have accepted the Davis Polk final report, and the Stone board of directors has resolved to implement all of the recommendations promptly. In addition to implementing the Davis Polk recommendations, Stone will engage outside consulting firms to independently evaluate 100% of Stone’s reserves. Stone expects that effort to be completed in 2006. Stone anticipates that all of its estimated proved reserves in the Rocky Mountains and approximately 50% of its Gulf Coast estimated proved reserves will be independently evaluated by outside consulting firms in connection with the preparation of its 2005 audited financial statements. Outside consulting firms will be engaged to review the procedures used by Stone’s internal staff in estimating proved reserves for those properties not independently evaluated. The remainder of the Gulf Coast reserves will be independently evaluated by outside consulting firms as soon as practicable in 2006.
     Following the delivery of the Davis Polk final report, D. Peter Canty submitted his resignation as a director, which was accepted by the Stone board of directors. In addition, the board of directors directed management to request the resignations of an officer and a senior manager associated with the reserve estimation process.
     As previously announced, since the October 6, 2005 announcement of a downward reserve revision, Stone has been reviewing whether portions of the revision should be applied to prior years, which might result in a restatement of prior years’ financial statements and related supplemental oil and gas reserve disclosures. Based on Stone’s internal review, a restatement of the financial statements will be required for the periods from 2001 to 2004 and for the first six months of 2005. Accordingly, the 2004 financial statements and the independent registered public accounting firm’s report related to the fiscal 2004 period contained in Stone’s prior filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission should no longer be relied upon. Stone will amend its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004 and its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the periods ended March 31, 2005 and June 30, 2005. Stone hopes to file the amended reports and the Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2005 by mid-December 2005, but no assurance can be given that the filings will be made by that date. As previously announced, Stone has received notice that the staff of the SEC is conducting an informal inquiry into the revision of Stone’s proved reserves and the financial statement restatement. Stone is continuing to cooperate with the SEC. In addition, Stone has received an inquiry from the Philadelphia Stock Exchange with respect to matters including trading activity prior to Stone’s October 6, 2005 announcement. Stone intends to cooperate with the Philadelphia Stock Exchange inquiry. Finally, Stone has been advised that class action lawsuits have been or will be filed in connection with the reserve revisions. Stone is evaluating the complaints and intends to vigorously defend any lawsuits that are filed.


85173 1/24/2011 2/10/2011
Item 3.	Legal Proceedings
On January 24, 2011, a putative class action complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington against Coinstar and certain of its officers. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. Substantially similar complaints were filed in the same court in February 2011. These cases purport to be brought on behalf of a class of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired our stock during the period, depending on the complaint, between as early as October 28, 2010 to as late as February 3, 2011. Plaintiffs allege that the defendants violated the federal securities laws during this period of time by, among other things, issuing false and misleading statements about our current and prospective business and financial results. Plaintiffs claim that, as a result of these alleged wrongs, our stock price was artificially inflated during the purported class period. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory damages, interest, an award of attorneys’ fees and costs, and injunctive relief. We believe that the claims against us are without merit and we intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter. Failure by us to obtain a favorable resolution of the claims set forth in the complaints could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Currently, no accrual had been established as it was not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of loss because this matter had not advanced to a stage where we could make any such estimate.


92422 2/4/2011 2/7/2011
China MediaExpress Holdings, Inc. Responds to Misleading and Inaccurate Allegations
2011-02-07 14:10:03 UTC
Letter to Shareholders is Available on the Company's Investor Website
FUJIAN, China--(BUSINESS WIRE)--February 07, 2011--
China MediaExpress Holdings, Inc. (NASDAQ GS: CCME) ("CME" or "Company"), China's largest television advertising operator on inter-city and airport express buses, today announced that it has made available on its investor website a detailed letter to shareholders from its Founder and CEO, Mr. Zheng Cheng. The letter deals with the recent factual inaccuracies and misleading innuendo employed by bloggers for their self-benefit.
The Company's management believes that this letter will offset doubts raised by stock market speculators interested in enriching themselves through manipulation at the expense of its investors.
The letter is currently available at the "Investor Relations" section of CCME's website, http://www.ccme.tv/eng/ir/irprofile.php. Interested investors are also welcome to contact the Company or its investor relations firm to receive a copy of the letter.


91655 2/9/2011 2/14/2011
Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. Notes Filing of a Securities Lawsuit
2011-02-14 17:30:01 UTC
PIRAEUS, Greece, Feb. 14, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Aegean Marine Petroleum Network Inc. (NYSE: ANW) today announced that it has been named as a defendant in a putative securities class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of the Company's common stock during the period between January 4, 2010 and February 3, 2011. The Company's Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Financial Officer were also named as individual defendants.
The complaint asserts claims under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and alleges, among other things, that the Company misrepresented and failed to disclose material adverse facts related to its financial condition, business and prospects during the class period.
The Company firmly believes that the lawsuit is without merit, that it unfairly impugns the integrity both of the Company and individual defendants, and the Company intends to defend the action as vigorously as possible.


91411 2/24/2011 3/1/2011
Oilsands Quest Responds to Class Action Complaint
2011-03-01 13:00:28 UTC
CALGARY, March 1 /CNW/ - Oilsands Quest Inc. (NYSE Amex: BQI) ("Oilsands Quest" or "the Company") has been notified of a purported class action lawsuit. The complaint, filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York, alleges that, due to an overstatement of the accounting value of the Company's assets during a three-year period between 2006 and 2009, the trading price of the Company's securities was artificially inflated during that period, to the detriment of shareholders.
Oilsands Quest management believes that the complaint is without merit. The Company intends to defend this lawsuit vigorously.


91411 2/24/2011 3/8/2011
PART II - OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.   Legal Proceedings

On February 24, 2010, a derivative action entitled Make a Difference Foundation Inc. v. Hopkins, et al., Case No. 10-CV-00408, was filed in United States District Court for the District of Colorado by plaintiff Make a Difference Foundation, Inc.  The derivative action names the following individual defendants:  Christopher H. Hopkins, T. Murray Wilson, Ronald Blakely, Paul Ching, Brian MacNeill, Ronald Phillips, John Read, Gordon Tallman, Pamela Wallin, Thomas Milne and W. Scott Thompson (the “Individual Defendants”).  In addition, the Company is named as a nominal defendant.  Plaintiff asserts, among other things, claims for waste and breaches of the fiduciary duty of loyalty and good faith by the defendants stemming from the Company's approval of the proposed sale of the Company's Pasquia Hills assets to Canshale Corp.  The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages on behalf of the Company, restitution on behalf of the Company, and reasonable costs and expenses including counsel fees and experts' fees.  On May 18, 2010, the Company and the Individual Defendants filed motions to dismiss the lawsuit.   On July 16, 2010, Plaintiff filed an Amended Verified Derivative Complaint that asserts similar claims and seeks to recover similar damages as the initial complaint.  In response to the Company’s announcement that the sale of the Company’s Pasquia Hills assets to Canshale Corp. was cancelled, the plaintiff filed a motion for leave to file a Second Amended Verified Complaint on September 8, 2010.  The requested leave was granted, and on September 20, 2010 the plaintiff filed the Second Amended Verified Complaint, which asserts similar legal claims and recovery of similar damages as advanced in the plaintiff’s prior complaints.  On September 29, 2010, the Company and the Individual Defendants filed motions to dismiss the Second Amended Verified Complaint.  Those motions have been fully briefed and are pending before the court for determination.  The Company and the Individual Defendants believe the claims are wholly without merit.

On February 24, 2011, a putative class action was filed against the Company and certain current and former officers of the Company on behalf of investors who purchased the Company's securities during the putative class period of August 14, 2006 and July 14, 2009.  The Complaint asserts two causes of action:  securities fraud under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and control person liability for such fraud under Section 20(a) of the same act.  The Complaint alleges that the Company (i) failed to properly account for the Company's acquisition of an interest in OQI Sask in August 2006, (b) overstated the value of the Company's interest in OQI Sask, and (iii) failed to have adequate internal financial controls.  The Complaint seeks unspecified damages.  The Company believes the claim is without merit.


12446 3/3/2011 3/31/2011
Item 3. Legal Proceedings
In the ordinary course of business, we may from time to time be involved in litigation and claims incidental to the conduct of our business, including intellectual property claims. In addition, our business is also subject to extensive regulation, which may result in regulatory proceedings against us. We have been named in various arbitration and civil litigation cases brought by customers seeking damages for trading losses. Management has investigated these matters and believes that such cases are without merit and is defending them vigorously. However, the arbitrations and litigations are presently in various stages of the judicial process and no judgment can be made regarding the ultimate outcome of the arbitrators’ and/or court’s decisions.
In June 2010, Forex Capital Markets, LLC was contacted by the NFA requesting information regarding trade execution practices. In November 2010, Forex Capital Markets, LLC was additionally contacted by the CFTC for similar information. Although we have complied, and continue to comply, with the NFA’s requests and are in the process of complying with the CFTC’s requests, we have not been formally notified whether or not the NFA or the CFTC intends to take any action against us with respect to our trade execution practices.
In September 2010, FXCM Ltd. became aware of changes in U.S. law that might preclude it from continuing to serve as a counterparty in retail forex transactions with U.S. persons absent registration as a retail foreign exchange dealer, as set forth under Part 5 of the CFTC Regulations, effective as of October 18, 2010, and Section 742 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which becomes effective on July 16, 2011. Since October 2010, FXCM Ltd. has been in ongoing discussions with the CFTC regarding its procedure to repatriate all accounts held by U.S. retail customers from FXCM Ltd. to Forex Capital Markets, LLC which was ultimately completed on October 29, 2010. Although we continue to be engaged in discussions with the CFTC concerning the resolution of any violation that may have occurred, it is possible that the foregoing may result in our being subject to a fine and other penalties.
On February 8, 2011, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York by a single former customer against Forex Capital Markets LLC. The complaint asserts claims under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO”), 18 U.S.C § 1961 et seq., as well as the New York General Business Law. The complaint seeks an unspecified amount of damages, trebled, and alleges false and deceptive trade practices, fraudulent and unfair trade execution and account handling practices.
On March 3, 2011, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against FXCM Inc., as well as certain of our officers and directors and three underwriters in our IPO. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act, alleges false or misleading statements in the IPO prospectus regarding the Company’s business model and trading platforms, and seeks an unspecified amount of damages on behalf of persons who purchased our Class A common stock in the IPO.
We are unable to predict the final outcome of these lawsuits, but we firmly believe that the allegations from these lawsuits are without merit and we intend to vigorously defend both actions. Any potential liability from these claims cannot currently be reasonably estimated, and no provision has been accrued in our financial statements.


89148 3/11/2011 3/17/2011
Radient Pharmaceuticals Hires DLA Piper to Defend Company Against Class Action Lawsuit
2011-03-17 12:30:00 UTC
Radient Pharmaceuticals Hires DLA Piper to Defend Company Against Class Action Lawsuit
TUSTIN, CA -- (MARKETWIRE) -- 03/17/11 --
Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation ("RPC") (NYSE Amex: RPC) announced today it has retained law firm DLA Piper to represent the Company in a class action suit filed 2011 by The Rosen Law Firm, P.A. on March 11, alleging RPC has violated federal securities laws by misrepresenting the relationship of RPC with third parties in the Company's clinical studies of its Onko-Sure(R) in vitro diagnostic cancer test. The Company has been fully transparent in its relationship with third parties not only in its press releases but also by having attached the actual agreement defining the precise nature of that relationship in its public filings. Any claims to the contrary are meritless. DLA Piper will be defending the Company in the above suit.
The Company stated there is no basis to the suit filed by The Rosen Law Firm and it intends to vigorously defend against the class action suit. Furthermore, it intends to seek action against various parties who have spread false, misleading and malicious rumors against Radient Pharmaceuticals, its business, and business practices.
Radient Pharmaceuticals Executive Chairman and CEO Douglas MacLellan commented, "RPC is determined to create and protect shareholder value and we have tasked DLA Piper's counsel to aggressively explore every option available to the Company in response to the above mentioned situations. We remain confident in the Company and believe RPC is in a solid position to build and grow the business on behalf of loyal shareholders."
For additional information on Radient Pharmaceuticals Corporation and its products visit: www.radient-pharma.com or send e-mail to info@radient-pharma.com. For Investor Relations contact Kristine Szarkowitz at IR@RadientPharma.com or 1.206.310.5323.


80054 3/18/2011 4/1/2011
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Medifast, Inc. filed a civil complaint on February 17, 2010 in the U.S. District Court (SD, Cal) against Barry Minkow, his Fraud Discovery Institute, Inc., its subsidiary iBusiness Reporting, its editor William Lobdell, Tracy Coenen, her Sequence, Inc., “Zee Yourself”, and Robert L. Fitzpatrick for defamation, violations of California Corporation Code Sections 25400 et seq, and 17200 et seq alleging a scheme of market manipulation of  Medifast, Inc. stock by damaging the business reputation of Medifast, Inc. (MED-NYSE) and its meal replacement weight loss products and organization for Defendants monetary gain. Bradley T. MacDonald, Executive Chairman, Medifast, Inc. who is also a large shareholder joined the lawsuit individually. The suit seeks at least $270 Million in compensatory damages, punitive damages, and ancillary relief. Medifast, Inc. also continues to pursue its pending complaints filed in March, 2009 with the SEC, Maryland Securities Commissioner, and the U.S. Attorney against most of these same named Defendants.
The Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Trustee for Go Fig, Inc et al Debtors filed in early 2010 an adversary civil proceeding in the US Bankruptcy Court (ED, Missouri) against Jason Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a subsidiary of Medifast, Inc. (MED-NYSE) and other unrelated entities seeking to recover as to each alleged preferential payments. Jason sold product received by the Debtors and has previously filed a pending claim in the same bankruptcy. Medifast, Inc. disputes the Trustee’s allegations and intends to vigorously defend through its local counsel. Medifast, Inc believes any likely result would not materially affect its operations.  This action is currently in the discovery stage.
In 2010 and to date, Jason Pharmaceuticals received four (4) Notices of Charge of Discrimination alleging discrimination filed with the US EEOC by 3 current employees and 1 former employee.  The Company intends to investigate and vigorously defend against these claims.  Any potential adverse result based on what is presently known would not be material to Company operations.
On March 17, 2011, a class action complaint titled Oren Proter, et al v. Medifast, Inc., et al. (Civil Action 2011-CV-720[BEL]), alleging violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act, was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the United States District Court, District of Maryland.  The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material adverse facts regarding the Company’s business, operations and prospects. On March 24, 2011, a class action complaint titled Fred Greenberg v Medifast, Inc. et al (Civil Action 2011-CV776{BEL}, alleging violations of Sections 10(b)5 and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange  Act and Rule 10(b)5 promulgated under Section 10(b)5 of the Securities Exchange Act, was filed for an unspecified amount of damages in the United States District Court, District of Maryland. The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and/or misleading statements and failed to disclose material adverse facts regarding the Company’s business, operations and prospects. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to each complaint and intends to vigorously defend each proceeding.  Accordingly, the Company believes that either proceeding is not likely to have a material adverse effect upon its business or operations.


66050 3/23/2011 3/31/2011
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
In late December 2010, our LaJobi subsidiary was selected by U.S. Customs for a “Focused Assessment” of its import practices and procedures, which Focused Assessment commenced on January 19, 2011. In preparing for the Focused Assessment, which is ongoing, we found certain potential issues with respect to LaJobi’s import practices. As a result, our Board of Directors initiated an investigation, supervised by a Special Committee of three non-management members of the Board. The Board’s investigation found instances at LaJobi in which incorrect import duties were applied on certain wooden furniture imported from vendors in the PRC, resulting in a violation of anti-dumping regulations. On the basis of the investigation, the Board concluded that there was misconduct involved on the part of certain LaJobi employees in connection with the incorrect payment of duties, including misidentifying the manufacturer and shipper of products. As a result, effective March 14, 2011, LaJobi’s President, Lawrence Bivona, and LaJobi’s Managing Director of operations were both terminated from employment. Promptly upon becoming aware of such issues and related misconduct, the Company voluntarily disclosed its findings to the SEC on an informal basis and is cooperating with the Staff of the SEC as it reviews this matter.
Upon completion of the investigation into LaJobi’s import practices, we currently expect to complete a voluntary prior disclosure to U.S. Customs identifying certain underpayments of import duty, and remit payment of customs duty not paid, with interest thereon. Accordingly, for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2010, we recorded a charge in the amount of approximately $6,860,000 (which includes approximately $340,000 of interest) for import duties we anticipate will be owed to U.S. Customs by LaJobi in respect of such underpayments. This charge was recorded in cost of sales (other than the interest portion, which was recorded in interest expense), and adversely affected gross margins and net income for the affected periods. It is possible that the actual amount of duty owed with respect to the Focused Assessment will be higher upon completion thereof, and in any event, additional interest will continue to accrue on the amounts we currently anticipate we will owe until payment is made. In addition, we may be assessed by U.S. Customs a penalty of up to 100% of any customs duty owed, as well as possibly being subject to fines, penalties or other measures from U.S. Customs or other governmental authorities. Any amounts owed in excess of the accrual recorded for 2010 will adversely affect our gross margin and net income for the period(s) in which such amounts may be recorded and could have a material adverse affect on our results of operations. We have discontinued the practices that resulted in the charge for anticipated anti-dumping duty, and we believe that our ability to procure the affected categories of wooden bedroom furniture will not be materially adversely affected in future periods. We are committed to working closely with U.S. Customs to address issues relating to incorrect import duties, and have also initiated certain enhancements to our processes and procedures in areas where underpayments were found, and will be reviewing these and possibly other remedial measures. In addition, there can be no assurance that our licensors, vendors and/or retail partners will not take adverse action under applicable agreements with the Company (or otherwise) as a result of the matters described above. See Item 1A, “Risk Factors – “Any failure to comply with the laws of various Asian jurisdictions could cause potential liability and have other adverse effects” and Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” under the sections entitled “Recent Developments”, “Earnouts with respect to Acquisitions” and “Debt Financings”, as well as Note 18 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, for further discussion of this matter, including its impact on the LaJobi Earnout Consideration (and related finder’s fee), which we believe are no longer payable.
On March 22, 2011, a complaint was filed in the United States District Court, District of New Jersey, encaptioned Shah Rahman v. Kid Brands, et al. (the “Complaint”). The Complaint is brought by one plaintiff on behalf of a putative class of all those who purchased or otherwise acquired the common stock of the Company between March 26, 2010 and March 15, 2011. In addition to the Company, Bruce G. Crain, our President, Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, Guy A. Paglinco, our Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Raphael Benaroya, Mario Ciampi, Frederick J. Horowitz, Salvatore Salibello and Michael Zimmerman, each members of our board of directors, as well as Lauren Krueger and John Schaefer, each a former member of our board of directors, were named as defendants.
The Complaint alleges one claim for relief pursuant to Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and Rule10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and a second claim pursuant to Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, claiming generally that we and/or the other defendants issued materially false and misleading statements during the relevant time period regarding compliance with customs laws, our financial reports and internal controls. The complaint does not state the size of the class or quantify the amount of damages sought.
 We intend to defend this action (and any similar actions that may be filed in the future) vigorously, and we have notified our insurance companies of the existence of the Complaint. See “Risk Factors — We are currently party to litigation that could be costly to defend and distracting to management.”
In addition to the proceedings described above, in the ordinary course of our business, we are party to various copyright, patent and trademark infringement, unfair competition, breach of contract, customs, employment and other legal actions incidental to our business, as plaintiff or defendant. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to these actions will not materially adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.
?


92324 4/1/2011 4/6/2011
Advanced Battery Technologies Responds to Allegations by Variant View Research
2011-04-06 13:48:19 UTC
Advanced Battery Technologies Responds to Allegations by Variant View Research
NEW YORK, April 6, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Advanced Battery Technologies, Inc. (Nasdaq:ABAT), a leading developer, manufacturer and distributor of rechargeable polymer lithium-ion batteries as well as a manufacturer of electric vehicles, responded today to the research report published online on March 30, 2011 by a short seller operating under the pseudonym "Variant View Research."
The publication by Variant View was, by its admission, intended to support the short-selling activities of the actual author of the report. ABAT's management carefully reviewed the report when it was first published and determined that it, like other self-serving short seller "reports," consisted of nothing more than innuendo and distortions of the clear facts published in ABAT's reports to the SEC. Some of the Company's shareholders have, however, requested that ABAT respond directly to the allegations, and so below we respond to each of the 14 allegations set forth in the Variant View report.
Allegation 1: The Chairman appears to have transferred ownership of ABAT's key subsidiary to himself without explanation or compensation.
The Facts: Heilongjiang ZQPT, the referenced subsidiary, has been owned by 16 investors, including Chairman Fu, since it was organized in 2002. In 2004 the owners of Heilongjiang ZQPT transferred all of the benefits and obligations of ownership of Heilongjiang ZQPT to Harbin ZQPT, a subsidiary of ABAT. Under U.S. GAAP, the transfer of those benefits and obligations meant that the balance sheet and financial results of Heilongjiang ZQPT must be consolidated with those of ABAT as if it were a subsidiary. Thus, for accounting purposes, ABAT reported in its SEC filings from 2004 to 2009 that it "owned" Heilongjiang ZQPT. In 2009 ABAT decided that it would be more appropriate to explain the relationship in detail, which accounts for what Variant View mistakenly refers to what "appears" to it to be a transfer of ownership.
In sum, there has been no transfer of ownership of Heilongjiang ZQPT, to our Chairman or otherwise. All that occurred was a change in how ABAT characterized the relationship in its filings, and that characterization was entirely proper.
Allegation 2: ABAT leads investors to think that it makes cutting-edge electric cars, when in fact it produces cheap scooters and bicycles.
The Facts: ABAT is a battery manufacturer. Among the products it manufactures are batteries that may be used in electric cars. ABAT's subsidiary, Wuxi ZQ, is a vehicle manufacturer. Among the vehicles that Wuxi ZQ manufactures are ATVs that can be used as agricultural transport vehicles or sport-utility vehicles. Pictures are available on the Wuxi ZQ website. As our 10-K states (and the Variant View report notes), Wuxi ZQ's highest priced vehicle sells for $3,471.
No person reading our SEC filings or looking at our website in good faith could draw the conclusion that ABAT manufactures electric cars.
Allegation 3: ABAT claims unrealistic margins in what it admits is a commodity business.
The Facts: ABAT does not "claim" margins. ABAT reports margins in its financial statements, which have been audited by highly-reputable independent accounting firms. Moreover, the "peers" on whose experience Variant View purports to compare to ours are not comparable at all -- which doubtlessly explains why Variant View provides no information about the purported comparables at all. Nonetheless, Variant View is perfectly content to try to score points with this kind of false "proof." The innuendo on which Variant View relies, however, can hardly trump information confirmed by independent auditors.
Allegation 4: ABAT claims to have increased revenue from $4.2 million to $97.1 million from 2005 to 2010 while decreasing its employee count.
The Facts: Again, ABAT does not "claim" revenues. ABAT reports revenues in audited financial statements. We have also reported massive investment in upgrading our assembly lines to improve their efficiency. The incredulity of the author of the Variant View report that we have been able to increase revenue while reducing labor only indicates his/her ignorance of basic principles of industrial efficiency.
Allegation 5: ABAT claims distribution relationships which appear to be fake.
The Facts: Our subsidiary, Wuxi ZQ, has a distribution relationship with each distributor identified in ABAT's 2010 Form 10-K, and we have the executed distribution agreements to prove it. The Variant View "research" into the existence of distributors in several European countries, using English language Google searches and phone calls to random, unidentified employees, is typical of the kind of pretzel logic on which these short sellers rely to try to drive down share price and allow them to cash in. Once again, the facts trump the short seller's innuendo. Our audited financial statements for 2010 show that Wuxi ZQ made $49 million in sales during the year. If its distributors are "fake," how did it do that?
Allegation 6: ABAT is a serial issuer of equity at low prices.
The Facts: During the past three years ABAT has more than tripled its revenues and increased its net income by 350%. To fund that expansion, it has issued equity for cash. 90% of the equity offerings were made at or above the contemporaneous market price. Approximately 10% were made at 95% of the contemporaneous market price. We are proud of our success in accessing the capital markets to fund our growth.
Allegation 7: ABAT spent $20 million to acquire a company linked to the Chairman without disclosing the relationship.
The Facts: Variant View's "proof" of an undisclosed related party transaction is that the acquired company and Company subs both have the letters "ZQ" in their name and that the Company's Chairman was listed as an officer and representative of the acquired company. Given the thinness of the "proof," it is hardly a surprise that Variant View just got it wrong -- again.
Until we acquired it in January 2011, the registered owner of the registered equity of Shenzhen ZQ was Wang Changhe. He is the person to whom the purchase price for Shenzhen ZQ was paid.
The Variant View report notes that our Chairman, Fu Zhiguo, is identified as an officer and legal representative of Shenzhen ZQ in that company's government registration. That is correct. In order to register the acquisition of Shenzhen ZQ by Harbin ZQPT with the provincial government, Mr. Wang, the seller, gave Mr. Fu a power of attorney to represent the company before the government. This was solely an administrative convenience, as the purchase of Chinese companies cannot be completed without government registration performed in person.
Allegation 8: ABAT spent $22 million or 7x sales to acquire a failing and possible related company.
The Facts: Once again, Variant View simply has its facts wrong. The purchase price paid by ABAT for Wuxi ZQ was $12.87 million (cf: ABAT 2009 10-K, Note 3 to the Financial Statements), not $22 million. Variant View addresses Wuxi ZQ's sales in the period before we obtained it, but they neglect to tell you how the subsidiary fared after the acquisition. In 2010 Wuxi ZQ had pretax net income of $15.7 million (cf: ABAT 2010 10-K, Note 22 to the Financial Statements). In other words, we recovered our investment in less than one year! Frankly, we have a hard time being less than proud of this acquisition.
We purchased Wuxi ZQ from Bao Jin and Wuxi Baoshiyun Autocycle Co., Ltd. The only relationship between them and our management before the acquisition was as customers - Wuxi ZQ purchased batteries from Heilongjiang ZQPT. Bao Jin became a major shareholder by reason of the one million shares he acquired in the acquisition - not prior to it.
Allegation 9: ABAT spent $1.5 million on another suspicious transaction.
The Facts: The "suspicious" aspect of this transaction, as reported by Variant View, is that the individual listed as the registered agent of our subsidiary, Beyond E-Tech, Inc., could not be found at the address listed in the Texas Comptroller's website. The reason is simple: he moved and failed to report the move to the Comptroller. (At least he has an address, which is more than can be said for Variant View.)
Allegation 10: ABAT issued 11 million common shares to Chairman Fu and two other individuals to repay a "loan" which appears to be fabricated.
The Facts: Yet again, Variant View simply gets it wrong. Variant View's basis for asserting that this transaction involved a "fabricated" loan is its assertion that that transaction was not reported until April 2007. In fact the transaction, which took place in January 2005, was reported in an 8-K filed on January 27, 2005 and again in the 2004 10-K filed in March 2005.
Variant View's other point is that the loan does not appear on the balance sheet in the 2005 10-K. To which we respond: "Of course it doesn't. It was satisfied in January of that year."
The fact is, since the loan was made prior to the reverse merger of the Chinese entity into ABAT, it was recorded as a lien on the factory property that had been purchased with the loan. In January 2005, when ABAT issued stock - at market price - to satisfy the loan, the lien was extinguished and the market value of the stock was recorded as an increase to Construction in Progress and to APIC on our balance sheet.
Allegation 11: Chairman Fu has sold an estimated 28 million shares since 2004.
The Facts: Chairman Fu has never owned more than the 9,149,730 shares (options included) he currently owns.
Allegation 12: Despite a parade of auditors and multiple misstatements, ABAT still has material weaknesses.


93194 7/6/2011 8/3/2011
PART II - OTHER INFORMATION
Item 1.  Legal Proceedings.
The Company is subject to various lawsuits and other claims in the normal course of business. In addition, from time to time, the Company receives communications from government or regulatory agencies concerning investigations or allegations of noncompliance with laws or regulations in jurisdictions in which the Company operates.
The Company establishes reserves for the estimated losses on specific contingent liabilities, for regulatory and legal actions where the Company deems a loss to be probable and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In other instances, the Company is not able to make a reasonable estimate of liability because of the uncertainties related to the outcome or the amount or range of potential loss. The Company does not expect that the ultimate resolution of pending regulatory and legal matters in future periods, including the matters described below, will have a material adverse effect on its business, results of operations or financial condition.
On April 20, 2009, a lawsuit was filed in the district court of Tarrant County, Texas, against certain of the Company’s officers and directors (but not against the Company or its subsidiaries) on behalf of Jack B. Corwin as Trustee of The Jack B. Corwin Revocable Trust, and Charitable Remainder Stewardship Company of Nevada, and as Trustee of the Jack B. Corwin 2006 Charitable Remainder Unitrust (the “Corwin” case).  The Corwin case generally alleges that at various times in 2008 and 2009, the named Company officers and directors made false and misleading representations, or failed to state material facts, which made their statements misleading regarding the Company’s financial performance and condition.  The suit brings fraud and negligent misrepresentation claims and alleges violations of the Texas Securities Act and Section 27 of the Texas Business Commerce Code.  The plaintiffs seek unspecified compensatory damages, exemplary damages, and reimbursement for litigation expenses.  On June 3, 2009, the plaintiffs filed an amended complaint with the same allegations adding two additional Company directors as party defendants.  On June 10, 2010, the court in the Buettgen case granted the Company’s motion staying discovery in the Corwin case pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act, after which the parties agreed to a scheduling order consistent with the prior Buettgen stay order.  The Company plans to honor its indemnification obligations and vigorously defend the lawsuit on the defendants’ behalf.
On April 30, 2009, May 21, 2009, and June 5, 2009, three separate putative class action securities lawsuits were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, against certain of the Company’s current and former officers (but not against the Company or its subsidiaries). The suits were filed by Jan Buettgen, John Heffner, and Alan Goldberg as three separate named plaintiffs on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between August 10, 2007 and March 31, 2009, inclusive. On May 22, 2009, a putative class action securities lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Arkansas against two of the Company’s current officers (but not against the Company or its subsidiaries).  The suit was filed by Wade L. Jones on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s bonds between March 27, 2008 and March 30, 2009, inclusive.  On August 18, 2009, the Wade Jones case from Arkansas federal district court was transferred to be consolidated with the cases filed in Texas.  The complaints are virtually identical and generally allege that the defendants violated federal securities laws by issuing false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s financial performance and condition.  Specifically, the complaints allege violations by the defendants of Section 10(b) of the Exchange Act, Rule 10b-5 under the Exchange Act and Section 20 of the Exchange Act.  The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory damages and reimbursement for litigation expenses.  Since the filing of the complaints, all four cases have been consolidated into one court in the Northern District of Texas and a lead plaintiff and lead plaintiffs’ attorney have been selected (the “Buettgen” case).  On April 12, 2010, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the entire Buettgen complaint.  On August 11, 2010, in a one line order without an opinion, the Court denied the Company’s motion to dismiss.  Subsequently, the Court entered a scheduling order setting out a timetable for proceedings to consider class certification and administratively closing the case. The plaintiffs have filed their class certification motion and the Company filed its opposition on January 14, 2011.  On May 19, 2011, the Court granted the plaintiffs’ motion certifying a class.  Subsequently, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals denied the Company’s petition for an interlocutory appeal of the class certification order.   The Company plans to honor its indemnification obligations and vigorously defend the lawsuit on the defendants’ behalf.
On November 25, 2009, three former Bell retirees brought a class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, against both the Verizon employee benefits committee and pension plans and the Company’s employee benefits committee (the “EBC”) and pension plans.  All three named plaintiffs are receiving the single life monthly annuity pension benefits. All complain that Verizon transferred them against their will from the Verizon pension plans to the Company pension plans at or near the Company’s spin-off from Verizon.  The complaint alleges that both Verizon and Company defendants failed to provide requested plan documents, which would entitle the plaintiffs to statutory penalties under ERISA; that both Verizon and Company defendants breached their fiduciary duty for refusal to disclose pension plan information; and other class action counts aimed solely at the Verizon defendants. The plaintiffs seek class action status, statutory penalties, damages and a reversal of the employee transfers.  The Company defendants filed their motion to dismiss the entire complaint on March 10, 2010.  On October 18, 2010, the Court ruled on the pending motion dismissing all the claims against the Company pension plans and all of the claims against the Company’s EBC relating to the production of documents and statutory penalties for failure to produce same.  The only claims remaining against the Company are procedural ERISA claims against the Company’s EBC.  On November 1, 2010, the Company’s EBC filed its answer to the complaint.  On November 4, 2010, the Company’s EBC filed a motion to dismiss one of the two remaining procedural ERISA claims against the EBC.  Pursuant to an agreed order, the plaintiffs have obtained class certification against the Verizon defendants and discovery has commenced. After obtaining permission from the Court, the Plaintiffs filed another amendment to the complaint, alleging a new count against the Company’s EBC.  The Company’s EBC filed another motion to dismiss the amended complaint and all defendants plan to file a summary judgment motion before the deadline set by the scheduling order.  The Company plans to honor its indemnification obligations and vigorously defend the lawsuit on the defendants’ behalf.
On December 10, 2009, a former employee with a history of litigation against the Company filed a putative class action lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division, against certain of the Company’s current and former officers, directors and members of the Company’s EBC.  The complaint attempts to recover alleged losses to the various savings plans that were allegedly caused by the breach of fiduciary duties in violation of ERISA by the defendants in administrating the plans from November 17, 2006 to March 31, 2009.  The complaint alleges that: (i) the defendants wrongfully allowed all the plans to invest in Idearc common stock, (ii) the defendants made material misrepresentations regarding the Company’s financial performance and condition, (iii) the defendants had divided loyalties, (iv) the defendants mismanaged the plan assets, and (v) certain defendants breached their duty to monitor and inform the EBC of required disclosures.  The plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory damages and reimbursement for litigation expenses.  At this time, a class has not been certified.  The plaintiffs have filed a consolidated complaint.  The Company filed a motion to dismiss the entire complaint on June 22, 2010.  On March 16, 2011, the Court granted the Company defendants’ motion to dismiss the entire complaint; however, the plaintiffs have replead their complaint.  The Company defendants have filed another motion to dismiss the new complaint. The briefing on the motion is complete and the Company awaits the order of the Court.  The Company plans to honor its indemnification obligations and vigorously defend the lawsuit on the defendants’ behalf.
On November 15, 2010, a group of publishers led by the Local Search Association (formerly the Yellow Pages Association) and including the Company (collectively, the “Publishers”), filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington challenging Ordinance 123427 enacted by the City of Seattle that requires all publishers of print yellow pages directories distributed in the City of Seattle to (a) obtain a license from the City, (b) pay a tax to distribute the directory publications in addition to general business taxes already paid by publishers and other businesses generally operating within the City, and (c) participate in a City-run “opt-out registry” that encourages all residents of Seattle to stop receiving print yellow pages directories (“the Ordinance”).  The suit challenges the Ordinance as a content-based restriction on speech, violating the first amendment of the U.S. Constitution and the commerce clause of the U.S. Constitution.  On February 10, 2011, the Publishers filed a motion for preliminary injunction seeking to enjoin the operation of the Ordinance before the upcoming publication of the Qwest Dex Seattle Yellow Pages.  After no order was forthcoming from the Court, the Publishers filed a motion for a temporary restraining order with the court seeking to immediately enjoin the operation of the Ordinance.  On May 8, 2011, the court denied both motions.  On May 11, 2011, the Publishers filed a notice of appeal with the court.  On May 13, 2011, the Publishers filed a motion with the United States Court of Appeal for the 9th Circuit seeking to enjoin the Ordinance pending the appeal and to expedite an appeal.  On May 24, 2011, the Court of Appeals denied the Publishers’ motion for an injunction, but granted the Motion for an expedited appeal.  After briefing was complete, oral argument was presented to a 9th Circuit appellate panel.  The Publishers await the order of the appellate court.
On April 26, 2011, the Company received a letter from the Philadelphia Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (“EEOC”) on behalf of a former employee indicating that the EEOC was conducting an investigation for a possible nationwide class claim.  The former employee was terminated after failing to memorize a sales pitch.  The EEOC alleges that the Company may have systematically discriminated against older employees and employees with disabilities by requiring them to memorize a sales pitch.  The Company is cooperating with the agency.
 On July 1, 2011, several former employees filed a Fair Labor Standards Act (“FLSA”) collective action against the Company, all its subsidiaries, the current Chief Executive Officer and the former Chief Executive Officer in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, Dallas Division.  The complaint alleges that the Company improperly calculated the rate of pay when it paid overtime to certain of its hourly sales employees.  The answer to the complaint is not yet due.

93398 8/12/2011 9/9/2011
(14)     Litigation
On October 8, 2009, we filed an action styled Miller Petroleum, Inc. v. Maynard, Civil Action No. 9992 in the Chancery Court for Scott County, Tennessee, seeking a declaratory judgment that there has been continuing commercial production of oil, and oil and gas lease owned by us is still in full force and effect. The defendant filed an Answer and Counterclaim, seeking in the Counterclaim a declaration that the oil and gas lease has expired. Although no compensatory monetary damages have been sought against us, the Counterclaim does seek attorney fees, expenses and costs. On October 27, 2010, a temporary injunction was granted allowing us access to the property at issue in this case. We are presently conducting discovery.
On May 11, 2011, the Court of Appeals of Tennessee at Knoxville returned its opinion in the case styled CNX Gas Company, LLC v. Miller Petroleum, Inc., et al.  As previously reported, CNX Gas Company, LLC (“CNX”) commenced litigation on June 11, 2008 in the Chancery Court of Campbell County, State of Tennessee to enjoin us from assigning or conveying certain leases described in the Letter of Intent signed by CNX and our company on May 30, 2008, to compel us to specifically perform the assignments as described in the Letter of Intent, and for damages. After the trial court granted the motion for summary judgment of the company and other party defendants and dismissed the case, finding that there were no genuine issues of material fact and we were entitled to judgment as a matter of law, CNX appealed.  All parties filed briefs and the Court of Appeals heard oral arguments on May 18, 2010.  In its May 11, 2011 opinion, the Court of Appeals reversed the trial court’s grant of summary judgment in favor of our company and the other party defendants, and remanded the case back to the trial court for further proceedings.  On July 28, 2011, the case was dismissed without prejudice on the motion of CNX.  Subsequent to the balance sheet date, CNX filed another law suit against the Company (see Note 17).

On May 17, 2011, we were served with a lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee at Knoxville by Troy D. Stafford, the former Chief Financial Officer of our wholly owned subsidiary, Cook Inlet Energy, LLC.  The suit, styled Troy D. Stafford v. Miller Petroleum, Inc., Civil Action No. 3-11CV-206, claims that we terminated Mr. Stafford’s employment without cause in contravention of the terms of the Purchase and Sale Agreement between us and the sellers of CIE (“PSA”), failed or refused to pay his salary, severance, percentage of purchase price, expenses or stock warrant and violated a duty of good faith and fair dealing. The suit seeks damages in excess of $3,000,000, which includes $2,686,700 of damages for loss of vested warrants. We believe the all of the asserted claims are baseless, particularly in view of the fact that we issued the warrants in accordance with the terms of the PSA.  We believe that we had appropriate cause to fire Mr. Stafford after discovering that he had breached certain representations and warranties in the PSA, and had acted in violation of our Code of Conduct. We intend to vigorously defend this action.
 
On June 15, 2011, a breach of contract lawsuit was filed against us and CIE in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania styled VAI, Inc. v. Miller Energy Resources, Inc., f/k/a Miller Petroleum, Inc. and Cook Inlet Energy, LLC. The Plaintiff alleges three causes of action: (1) breach of contract, (2) unfair enrichment, and (3) breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing. The case seeks damages in warrants to purchase our common stock and monetary damages for certain fees and expenses. The Sale Agreement with David Hall, Walter “JR” Wilcox, and Troy Stafford dated December 10, 2009 contains indemnification provisions relevant to this claim. We have filed a Motion to Dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction.
 
Subsequent to our first quarter fiscal 2012, we were named as defendants in several class action lawsuits (see Note 17).

We are also party to various routine legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Management believes that none of these actions, individually or in the aggregate, will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.

(17)     Subsequent Events
 
On August 26, 2011, we entered into the Amendment with our lenders under the Credit Facility.  The Amendment revises certain timelines in the Loan Agreement with respect to repayment, imposes additional reporting requirements on us, provides for an increase of 2% in the applicable margin in certain circumstances, waives certain events of default, lengthens certain reporting deadlines, and revises the make-whole premium.  The Amendment also makes delisting from the New York Stock Exchange an event of default.

Beginning October 10, 2011, we are required to use 90% of our Consolidated Net Revenues (as defined in the Loan Agreement) to pay certain fees and expenses, interest, and finally, the outstanding principal under the Loan.  Consolidated Net Revenues do not include certain operating costs, such as royalty interests and lease operating costs, and up to $750,000 will be allocated to our general and administrative expenses.  Should a default exist, this amount would be 100% of our Consolidated Net Revenues.  Should we fail to satisfy certain requirements related to compliance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 by April 30, 2012, our interest rate will increase by 2%.

The deadlines for delivery of our next two quarterly financial statements has been extended to 60 days, and the deadline for delivery of our audited financial statements at our fiscal year end has been extended to 90 days.  The make-whole premium has been revised so as not to include the waiver fee of $115,593 payable in connection with the Amendment or any payments of increased interest due to a default.

We were required under the terms of the Loan Agreement to deliver audited financial statements for our fiscal year ended April 30, 2011 to the lenders within 75 days of the end of our fiscal year, together with certain additional compliance certificates and reports.  We did not deliver the required documents within that the timeframes required under the Loan Agreement.  Subsequent thereto, upon our satisfaction of certain conditions in the Amendment, including the delivery of our audited financial statements together with certain additional compliance certificates and reports to the lenders, these limited events of default under the Loan Agreement were waived and no event of default exists under the Loan Agreement.

On August 4, 2011, a breach of contract case was filed against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  The case, styled CNX Gas Company, LLC v. Miller Energy Resources, Inc., Chevron Appalachia, LLC as successor in interest to Atlas America, LLC Cresta Capital Strategies, LLC and Scott Boruff, arises from the same allegations as the previous action filed in state court and voluntarily dismissed on July 28, 2011.  The federal case seeks money damages from us for breach of contract; however, unlike the previous action, it does not seek specific performance of the assignments at issue.  The Plaintiff claims that the other defendants tortuously interfered with, or induced the breach of, the letter of intent between us and the Plaintiff.  We are drafting a responsive pleading and intend to vigorously defend this suit.

On August 12, 2011, a lawsuit was filed against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  The case, styled Ruben Husu, Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Miller Energy Resources, Inc. f/k/a Miller Petroleum, Inc., Scott M. Boruff, and Paul W. Boyd was filed on August 12, 2011.   The Company has not yet been served with the suit, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made.  The Plaintiff alleges two causes of action against the Defendants: (1) violation of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, (2) violation of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  The case seeks money damages against the Company and the other defendants, and payment of the Plaintiffs’ attorney’s fees.  We have retained DLA Piper LLP to defend us in this action.

On August 16, 2011, a lawsuit was filed against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  The case, styled James D. DiCenso, Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Miller Energy Resources, Inc. f/k/a Miller Petroleum, Inc., Deloy Miller, Scott M. Boruff, and Paul W. Boyd and David J. Voyticky.  The Company has not yet been served with the suit, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made.  The Plaintiff alleges two causes of action against the Defendants: (1) violation of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, (2) violation of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  The case seeks money damages against the Company and the other defendants, and payment of the Plaintiffs’ attorney’s fees.  We have retained DLA Piper LLP to defend us in this action.
 
On August 18, 2011, a lawsuit was filed against us in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee. The case is styled Yingtao Liu, Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Miller Energy Resources, Inc. f/k/a Miller Petroleum, Inc., Scott M. Boruff, Paul W. Boyd, Deloy Miller, David J. Voyticky, Herman Gettelfinger, Jonathan S. Gross, David M. Hall, Merrill A. McPeak, Charles Stivers, and Don A. Turkleson . The Company has not yet been served with the suit, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made. The Plaintiff alleges two causes of action against the Defendants: (1) violation of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, (2) violation of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The case seeks unspecified money damages against the Company and the other defendants, and payment of the Plaintiffs’ attorney’s fees. We have engaged DLA Piper LLP to defend us in this action.
On August 16, 2011, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  The case is styled Steven Arlow, Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Miller Energy Resources, Inc. f/k/a Miller Petroleum, Inc., Scott M. Boruff, and Paul W. Boyd.  The Company has not yet been served with the suit, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made.  The Plaintiff alleges two causes of action against the Defendants: (1) violation of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, (2) violation of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  The cases seek unspecified money damages against the Company and the other defendants, and payment of the Plaintiffs’ attorney’s fees.  We have retained DLA Piper to defend us in this action.

On August 19, 2011, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  The case is styled Brandon W. Ward, Individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated v. Miller Energy Resources, Inc. f/k/a Miller Petroleum, Inc., Scott M. Boruff, and Paul W. Boyd. The Company has not yet been served with the suit, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made.  The Plaintiff alleges two causes of action against the Defendants: (1) violation of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act, (2) violation of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  The cases seek unspecified money damages against the Company and the other defendants, and payment of the Plaintiffs’ attorney’s fees.  We have retained DLA Piper to defend us in this action.

On August 23, 2011, a derivative action was filed against us in Knox County Chancery Court.  The case is styled Marco Valdez, derivatively on behalf Miller Energy Resources, Inc. v. Deloy Miller, Scott M. Boruff, Jonathan S. Gross, Herman Gettelfinger, David Hall, Merrill A. McPeak, Charles M. Stivers, Don A., Turkleson, and David J. Voyticky, and Miller Energy Resources, Inc., nominal defendant.  The suit alleges the following causes of action: (1) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for disseminating false and misleading information; (2) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for failure to maintain internal controls; (3) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for failing to properly oversee and manage the company; (4) Unjust Enrichment; (5) Abuse of Control; Gross Mismanagement, and; (6) Waste of Corporate Assets.  The Plaintiff seeks unspecified money damages from the individual defendants, that the Company take certain actions with respect to its management, restitution to the Company, and the Plaintiff’s attorney fees and costs.  The Company has not yet been served with the suit, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made.  The Company intends to vigorously defend the suit.

On August 25, 2011, a derivative action, styled Jacquelyn Flynn, derivatively on behalf Miller Energy Resources, Inc. v. Scott M. Boruff, Paul W. Boyd, Deloy Miller, Jonathan S. Gross, Herman Gettelfinger, David Hall, Merrill A. McPeak, Charles M. Stivers, Don A., Turkleson, and David J. Voyticky, and Miller Energy Resources, Inc., nominal defendant, was filed in the District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  It contains substantially similar claims as Valdez.  The suit alleges the following causes of action: (1) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for disseminating false and misleading information; (2) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for failure to maintain internal controls; (3) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for failing to properly oversee and manage the company; (4) Unjust Enrichment; (5) Abuse of Control; Gross Mismanagement, and; (6) Waste of Corporate Assets.  The Plaintiff seeks unspecified money damages from the individual defendants, that the Company take certain actions with respect to its management, restitution to the Company, and the Plaintiff’s attorney fees and costs.  The Company has not yet been served with the suits, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made.  The Company intends to vigorously defend the suit.
 
On August 31, 2011, a derivative action, styled Patrick P. Lukas, derivatively on behalf Miller Energy Resources, Inc. v. Merrill A. McPeak, Scott M. Boruff, Deloy Miller, Jonathan S. Gross, Herman Gettelfinger, David Hall, Charles M. Stivers, Don A., Turkleson, and David J. Voyticky, and Miller Energy Resources, Inc., nominal defendant, was filed in the District Court for the Eastern District of Tennessee.  It contains substantially similar claims as the other two purported derivative actions.  The suit alleges the following causes of action: (1) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for disseminating materially false and misleading information; (2) Breach of Fiduciary Duty for failing to properly oversee and manage the company; (3) Unjust Enrichment; (4) Abuse of Control; (5) Gross Mismanagement and Waste of Corporate Assets.  The Plaintiff seeks unspecified money damages from the individual defendants, that the Company take certain actions with respect to its management, restitution to the Company, and the Plaintiff’s attorney fees and costs.  The Company has not yet been served with the suit, and cannot predict when or whether effective service may be made.  The Company intends to vigorously defend the suit.


93380 10/11/2011 10/12/2011
Purported Class Action Lawsuit Filed Against JinkoSolar
 
SHANGHAI, October 12, 2011 - JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd. (“JinkoSolar” or the “Company") (NYSE: JKS) a fast-growing, vertically-integrated solar power product manufacturer based in China, today has become aware of a purported class action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the South District of New York on October 11, 2011, against JinkoSolar Holdings Co., Ltd., Xiande Li, Kangping Chen, Xianhua Li, Wing Keong Siew, Haitao Jin, Zibin Li, Steven Markscheid, Longgen Zhang, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., Roth Capital Partners, LLC, and Collins Stewart LLC as co-defendant (the “Defendants”) by Marco Peters, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated (the “Plaintiff”). The complaint alleges, among other things, that the Defendants are in violation of the federal securities laws, which resulted in damages to the Plaintiff. The Plaintiff further requests, among other things, that the court recognize the lawsuit as a valid class action.

The Company has yet to be served with the complaint. The Company believes that the complaint is without merit or foundation in fact or law, and plans to defend itself vigorously.
 


92216 10/18/2011 11/10/2011
Item 2.06 Material Impairments.
 
On November 10, 2011, the audit committee of the board of directors of AgFeed Industries, Inc. (the “Company”) concluded, based upon management’s report and recommendation to the committee, that generally accepted accounting principles applicable to the Company require the Company to record in its financial statements an additional non-cash impairment charge of approximately $7 million related to certain of the accounts receivable of its Chinese animal nutrition business.  As previously reported, during the three months ended June 30, 2011, the Company wrote down these accounts receivable by $14.3 million.  The additional $7 million impairment charge results from the Company’s discovery in late October 2011 of Chinese court-ordered settlement agreements relating to certain of the remaining accounts receivable.  These settlement agreements were originally entered into between July 7, 2011 and July 28, 2011.  The Company does not believe this impairment charge will result in future cash expenditures relating to the write down of those accounts receivable of its Chinese animal nutrition business subject to the Chinese court-ordered settlement agreements, subject to the matters described in Items 4.02, 7.01 and 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K.
Item 4.02	Non-Reliance on Previously Issued Financial Statements or a Related Audit Report or Completed Interim Review.
 
Based upon the additional impairment discussed above in Item 2.06 “Material Impairments,” on November 10, 2011, the Company’s audit committee concluded that the Company’s previously issued unaudited interim financial statements for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 should be restated for the reasons discussed below.  The Company’s audit committee reached this conclusion after discussing these matters with management and McGladrey & Pullen, LLP, the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm.  As a result, the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of June 30, 2011, the Company’s consolidated statement of operations and other comprehensive income (loss) for the three and six months ended June 30, 2011, the Company’s consolidated statements of cash flows for the six months ended June 30, 2011 and the footnotes thereto should no longer be relied upon.
 
Based upon management’s review of the matters related to the additional non-cash impairment charge referenced above, the Company has determined to restate its previously issued unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three and six months ended June 30, 2011.  The restatement will correct an accounting error relating to the timing of the impairment charge, which should have been reflected in the unaudited interim financial statements for the period ended June 30, 2011 and the footnotes thereto.  The settlement agreements were entered into between July 7, 2011 and July 28, 2011 and should have been considered in determining the Company’s accounts receivable as of June 30, 2011.
 
As a result of the restatement, the Company currently expects that previously reported accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts, total assets and total equity would each decrease as of June 30, 2011 by the amount of the additional non-cash impairment charge and that receivable credit and collection losses and net loss would correspondingly increase for the three and six months ended June 30, 2011.  The Company expects to file its restated financial statements as soon as practicable.
 
As described in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, management has identified a material weakness in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting.  Management is continuing to assess the effect of the restatement on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting and its disclosure controls and procedures.  Management will not reach a final conclusion regarding the restatement’s effect on the Company’s internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures until completion of the restatement process.
 
The amounts of the restatement and anticipated impact are based on the Company’s current expectations based upon available information.  However, as described in Item 8.01 of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the investigation by the special committee is ongoing, and the Company is continuing to review previously issued financial statements relating to other periods.  As a result of the ongoing review by the special committee and the Company, additional material adjustments to the Company’s previously issued financial statements could be required, and the amounts of the restatement may differ materially from the estimates included in this Current Report on Form 8-K.
 
Item 7.01	Regulation FD Disclosure.
 
The Company currently intends to allow its letters of intent to acquire Kansas City Sausage Company, LLC and Pine Ridge Farms, LLC terminate pursuant to their respective terms on December 1, 2011.  Accordingly, the Company’s projections relating to 2012 should no longer be relied upon.
Item 8.01	Other Events.
 
Proceedings.  As described in the press release issued by the Company on September 29, 2011, the investigation of the special committee of the board of directors relates to the accounting relating to certain of the Chinese farm assets (acquired during 2007 and 2008) used in the Company’s Chinese hog production business, the validity and collectability of certain of the Company’s accounts receivables relating to its Chinese animal nutrition business, and any other issues that may arise during the course of its investigation.  The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission is conducting an investigation into those matters disclosed in the press release, and the Company is cooperating fully with that investigation.
 
Seven putative shareholder class action complaints were filed between October 18, 2011 and November 2, 2011, against the Company and a number of its current and former executive officers and directors.  Five of these putative class actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee and two were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado.  The complaints assert claims under Sections 10 and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of persons who purchased the Company’s stock during the period March 12, 2008, and September 29, 2011.  The complaints generally allege that the Company and its officers and directors made materially false or misleading statements regarding the Company’s financial results.  The Company intends to defend vigorously against these claims.  At this time, the Company cannot predict the probable outcome of these claims.
 
The Company has incurred, and continues to incur, significant costs and expenses in connection with the investigation by the special committee and the pending litigation, which has had and is expected to continue to have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, operations, financial results and financial condition.  If the Company does not prevail in the class action lawsuits, the Company may be required to pay a significant amount of monetary damages, which also would have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, operations, financial results and financial condition.
 
Three putative shareholder derivative actions have been filed on behalf of the Company.  Two of these actions were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Colorado and one was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee.  The complaints assert claims under Nevada law for breach of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste, unjust enrichment, and indemnification against current and former members of the Company’s board of directors and seek to recover for damages on behalf the Company.  The complaints are based upon the same events alleged in the shareholder class actions.  At this time, the Company cannot predict the probable outcome of these claims.
 
Assessment of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting.  The Company is aware that the occurrence of a restatement of previously issued consolidated financial statements can indicate material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting.  As a result of the Company’s ongoing review of issues related to the additional impairment charge, the Company’s chief executive officer and chief financial officer have determined that certain control deficiencies existed at the Company.  Specifically, the Company has determined that the non-timely reporting to management of the above-referenced settlement agreements, which impacted management’s assessment of the valuation of the related receivables, constitutes a material weakness.  The Company’s management is working to address this material weakness.
 
As the special committee works to complete its investigation and the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm completes its audit of the Company’s consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2011, it is possible that additional control deficiencies may be identified in addition to, or that are unrelated to, the Company’s review described above.  These control deficiencies may represent one or more material weaknesses.  Other information of which the Company is not currently aware may arise during the preparation of the Company’s restated consolidated financial statements that could, among other things, cause the final impact and amounts of the restatement to differ materially from what is described in this Current Report on Form 8-K.  See Part I, Item 4 of the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2011 for information regarding other material weaknesses.
 


12622 10/28/2011 11/9/2011
Part II: Other Information
Item 1:	Legal Proceedings
We operate in a highly regulated and litigious industry. As a result, various lawsuits, claims and legal and regulatory proceedings have been and can be expected to be instituted or asserted against us. The resolution of any such lawsuits, claims or legal and regulatory proceedings could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial position in a given period.
Government Investigations, Claims and Litigation
Health care companies are subject to numerous investigations by various governmental agencies. Further, under the federal False Claims Act, private parties have the right to bring qui tam, or “whistleblower,” suits against companies that submit false claims for payments to, or improperly retain overpayments from, the government. Some states have adopted similar state whistleblower and false claims provisions. Certain of our individual facilities have received government inquiries from federal and state agencies and our facilities may receive such inquiries in future periods. Depending on whether the underlying conduct in these or future inquiries or investigations could be considered systemic, their resolution could have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.
The Civil Division of the Department of Justice (“DOJ”) has contacted the Company in connection with its nationwide review of whether, in certain cases, hospital charges to the federal government relating to implantable cardio-defibrillators (“ICDs”) met the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (“CMS”) criteria. In connection with this nationwide review, the DOJ has indicated that it will be reviewing certain ICD billing and medical records at 95 HCA hospitals; the review covers the period from October 2003 to the present. The review could potentially give rise to claims against the Company under the federal False Claims Act or other statutes, regulations or laws. At this time, we cannot predict what effect, if any, this review or any resulting claims could have on the Company.
New Hampshire Hospital Litigation
In 2006, the Foundation for Seacoast Health (the “Foundation”) filed suit against HCA in state court in New Hampshire. The Foundation alleged that both the 2006 recapitalization transaction and a prior 1999 intra-corporate transaction violated a 1983 agreement that placed certain restrictions on transfers of the Portsmouth Regional Hospital. In May 2007, the trial court ruled against the Foundation on all its claims. On appeal, the New Hampshire Supreme Court affirmed the ruling on the 2006 recapitalization, but remanded to the trial court the claims based on the 1999 intra-corporate transaction. The trial court ruled in December 2009 that the 1999 intra-corporate transaction breached the transfer restriction provisions of the 1983 agreement. In September of 2011, the trial court issued its remedies phase decision and held that the only remedy to which the Foundation was entitled was rescission of the intra-corporate transfer that breached the transfer restriction (the Company has complied with the Court’s order, and it is not expected that such compliance will have any material effect on our operations or financial position). The Court awarded the Foundation, under the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement, a “fraction” of its attorney fees. The Foundation appealed the remedy phase ruling, and the Company cross-appealed the liability determination. On October 31, 2011, the New Hampshire Supreme Court, on its own, raised the question whether the appeal needed to await the trial court’s further ruling on attorney fees. The parties will brief that issue on November 14, 2011.
Securities Class Action Litigation
On October 28, 2011, a shareholder action was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Tennessee. The case seeks to include as a class all persons who acquired the Company’s stock pursuant or traceable to the Company’s Registration Statement and Prospectus issued in connection with the March 9, 2011 initial public offering. The lawsuit asserts a claim under Section 11 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the Company, certain members of the board of directors, and certain underwriters in the offering. It further asserts a claim under Section 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 against the same members of the board of directors. The action alleges deficiencies in the Company’s disclosures in the Registration Statement relating to: (1) accounting for its 2006 recapitalization and 2010 reorganization; (2) the Company’s failure to maintain effective internal controls relating to its accounting for such transactions; and (3) the Company’s revenue growth rate. The complaint has recently been filed and no further proceedings have been scheduled at this time.
General Liability and Other Claims
We are a party to certain proceedings relating to claims for income taxes and related interest before the IRS Appeals Division. For a description of those proceedings, see Part I, Item 2, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Pending IRS Disputes” and Note 2 to our condensed consolidated financial statements.
We are also subject to claims and suits arising in the ordinary course of business, including claims for personal injuries or for wrongful restriction of, or interference with, physicians’ staff privileges. In certain of these actions the claimants have asked for punitive damages against us, which may not be covered by insurance. In the opinion of management, the ultimate resolution of these pending claims and legal proceedings will not have a material, adverse effect on our results of operations or financial position.


12402 12/2/2011 12/6/2011
Primo Water Intends to Vigorously Defend Purported Class Action Lawsuit
2011-12-06 21:05:04 UTC
Primo Water Intends to Vigorously Defend Purported Class Action Lawsuit
WINSTON-SALEM, N.C., Dec. 6, 2011 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Primo Water Corporation (Nasdaq:PRMW), a leader in innovative beverage appliances and consumables sold through major retailers in the United States and Canada, today announced that it intends to vigorously defend recent allegations against the Company made in a purported class action securities lawsuit. The Company believes the claims are without merit.



92493 1/31/2012 2/9/2012 
Item 1.	Legal Proceedings.
In the ordinary conduct of our business, we are subject to lawsuits, arbitrations and administrative proceedings from time to time.
Aventa Learning
In June 2010, the shareholders of Aventa Learning, Inc. (Aventa) filed a lawsuit against the Company’s subsidiary, KC Distance Learning, Inc., in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington, Axtman, et al. v. KC Distance Learning, Inc,. Case No. C10-01022-JLR. On August 31, 2010, the plaintiffs amended their complaint to add K12 as a co-defendant in this matter Aventa et. al. v. K12 Inc., et. al. Case No. C10-01022-JLR, reflecting the change in ownership. Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger between K12 and KCDL Holdings LLC (Seller), Seller agreed to assume responsibility to defend this lawsuit and to fully indemnify K12 or KCDL for any liability, including rescission. On November 10, 2011, the parties reached a settlement agreement in principle, which includes a full release of all claims against K12 Inc., and the Company made no financial contributions towards the settlement. On January 9, 2012, the court dismissed with prejudice all the asserted claims in this lawsuit.
IpLearn
On October 26, 2011, IpLearn, LLC (“IpLearn”) filed a complaint for patent infringement against the Company in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware, IpLearn, LLC v. K12 Inc., Case No. 1:11-1026-LPS, which it subsequently amended on November 18, 2011. IpLearn is a privately-held technology development and licensing company for web and computer-based learning technologies. In its complaint, IpLearn alleges that the Company has infringed three of its patents for various computer-aided learning methods and systems. On January 10, 2012, the Company filed its motion to dismiss IpLearn’s amended complaint. IpLearn responded on January 27, 2012, and the Company replied on February 6, 2012.
Hoppaugh Complaint
On January 30, 2012, a securities class-action lawsuit captioned Hoppaugh v. K12 Inc., was filed against the Company and two of its officers in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Hoppaugh v. K12, Inc., Case No. 1:12-CV-103-CMH-IDD (the “Hoppaugh Complaint”). The plaintiff purports to represent a class of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired K12 common stock between September 9, 2009 and December 16, 2011, inclusive, and alleges violations by the defendants of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The Hoppaugh Complaint alleges, among other things, that the defendants made false or misleading statements of material fact, or failed to disclose material facts, about (i) the Company’s financial results during the class period, (ii) the academic performance of the virtual schools served by the Company, and (iii) certain school administrative practices and sales strategies related to enrollments. The plaintiff seeks unspecified monetary damages and other relief. The Company intends to defend vigorously against the claims asserted in the Hoppaugh Complaint.


91615 2/17/2012 3/12/2012 
ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
On February 17, 2012, a purported shareholder class action, Hilary Coyne v. Metabolix, Inc., Richard P. Eno, and Joseph Hill, Civil Action 1:12-cv-10318, was filed in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts, naming the Company and certain officers of the Company as defendants. The lawsuit alleges that the Company made material misrepresentations and/or omissions of material fact in the Company's disclosures during the period from March 10, 2010 through its January 12, 2012 press release announcing that Archer Daniels Midland Company (ADM) had given notice of termination of the Telles joint venture for PHA bioplastics, all in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5. The lawsuit seeks: certification as a class action, compensatory damages in an unspecified amount, plaintiff's costs and attorneys' fees, and unspecified equitable or injunctive relief.
We are currently unable to assess the probability of loss or estimate a range of potential loss, if any, associated with this matter because it is at an early stage.


90591 4/10/2012 4/23/2012
ITEM 3: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

The Company and its subsidiaries are, from time to time, parties to various legal proceedings arising out of their businesses. Other than those described below, management believes that there are no such proceedings pending or threatened against the Company or its subsidiaries which, if determined adversely, would have a material adverse effect on the business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows of the Company or any of its subsidiaries.
Distinctive Notes
The Bank, along with other co-defendants has been named as a defendant in two lawsuits filed by persons alleging to be clients of the Bank’s Trust division who invested in promissory notes (the "Distinctive Notes") issued by Distinctive Properties (UK) Limited (“Distinctive Properties”), a company involved in the purchase and development of real estate in the United Kingdom. The Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible loss for the cases described below because the proceedings are in early stages and there are significant factual issues to be determined and resolved in each case. The Company denies plaintiffs’ allegations and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuits.

Rosemann, et al. v. Martin Sigillito, et al. 
In one of the lawsuits, the plaintiffs allege that the investments in the Distinctive Notes were part of a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme. Plaintiffs allege to hold such promissory notes in accounts with the Trust division and that, among other things, the Bank was negligent, breached its fiduciary duties and breached its contracts. Plaintiffs also allege that the Bank violated the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO”). Plaintiffs, in the aggregate, are seeking damages from defendants, including the Bank, in excess of $25.0 million as well as their costs and attorneys’ fees and trebled damages under RICO.
On June 6, 2011, the Bank filed a Motion to Dismiss the Complaint. On July 1, 2011, the United States moved to intervene in the case for purposes of securing a stay of the case pending completion of it's criminal case against two of the individual defendants. The stay was granted on August 4, 2011. On October 31, 2011, the court granted the Bank's motion to dismiss the plaintiffs claims that the Bank violated RICO and that the Bank breached its fiduciary duties to the plaintiffs. The court granted the plaintiffs leave to amend the dismissed claims. However, the court denied the Bank's motion to dismiss the claims that the Bank conspired with others to violate RICO, breached its agreements with the plaintiffs and that the Bank was negligent in performing its duties as custodian of the IRAs that held the Distinctive Notes. As a result of the stay, all discovery in the case may be put on hold for the duration of the criminal proceedings; however, further procedural actions may continue to be ruled upon by the court. On January 2, 2012, the plaintiffs filed their second amended complaint which reasserts the claim that the Bank violated RICO, however the claim of breach of fiduciary duty was not reasserted. Criminal proceedings in the case began on March 19, 2012. After a four week trial, the jury found Sigillito guilty of 20 counts of wire fraud, mail fraud, and conspiracy and money laundering. Following the verdict, the Judge lifted the stay and has scheduled a Rule 16 conference in the civil case for May 31, 2012. The Court is expected to set the case for trial at the Rule 16 conference.

BJD, LLC and Barbara Dunning v. Enterprise Bank & Trust, et. al.
The Bank has also been named as a defendant in this case, relating to BJD’s investment in the Distinctive Notes. Plaintiffs allege that the Bank, and the other defendants breached their fiduciary duties and were negligent in allowing plaintiffs to invest in the Distinctive Notes because the loan program was allegedly never funded and the assets of the borrower did not exist or were overvalued. Plaintiffs are seeking approximately $800,000 in damages, 9% interest, punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and costs.

On June 16, 2011, the Bank filed a motion to compel arbitration and stay proceedings in the Circuit Court. On July 11, 2011, the U.S. Attorney's Office moved to intervene in this case as well for purposes of seeking a stay of certain discovery pending completion of the above described criminal proceedings. The Court never formally issued a stay order; however, the conclusion of the criminal trial on April 13, 2012, renders the U.S. Attorney's motion moot. The Court has granted the Bank's motion to compel arbitration and stay proceedings and has scheduled a Case Management Conference for May 10, 2012.

William Mark Scott v. Enterprise Financial Services Corp, et. al.
On April 10, 2012, a putative class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri captioned William Mark Scott v. Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Peter F. Benoist, and Frank H. Sanfilippo. The complaint asserts claims for violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of the Company's stock between April 20, 2010 and January 25, 2012, inclusive. The complaint alleges, among other things, that defendants allegedly made false and misleading statements and allegedly "failed to disclose that the Company was improperly recording income on loans covered under loss share agreements with the FDIC" and that, as a result, "the Company's financial statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times." The action seeks unspecified damages and costs and expenses. The Company is unable to estimate a reasonably possible loss for the case because the proceeding is in an early stage and there are significant factual issues to be determined and resolved. The Company denies plaintiffs’ allegations and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit.


90591 4/10/2012 5/8/2012
ITEM 1: LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
 
The following information supplements the discussion in Part I, Item 3 “Legal Proceedings” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2011, and as updated by the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31, 2012:

Distinctive Notes
The Bank, along with other co-defendants has been named as a defendant in two lawsuits filed by persons alleging to be clients of the Bank’s Trust division who invested in promissory notes (the "Distinctive Notes") issued by Distinctive Properties (UK) Limited (“Distinctive Properties”), a company involved in the purchase and development of real estate in the United Kingdom. The Company denies plaintiffs’ allegations and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuits.

Rosemann, et al. v. Martin Sigillito, et al. 
In one of the lawsuits, the plaintiffs allege that the investments in the Distinctive Notes were part of a multi-million dollar Ponzi scheme. Plaintiffs allege to hold such promissory notes in accounts with the Trust division and that, among other things, the Bank was negligent, breached its fiduciary duties and breached its contracts. Plaintiffs also allege that the Bank violated the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (“RICO”). Plaintiffs, in the aggregate, are seeking damages from defendants, including the Bank, in excess of $25.0 million as well as their costs and attorneys’ fees and trebled damages under RICO.

As previously reported, on July 1, 2011, the United States moved to intervene in the case for purposes of securing a stay of the case pending completion of it's criminal case against the individual defendants, and did not include the Company, the Bank or any affiliates thereof.

BJD, LLC and Barbara Dunning v. Enterprise Bank & Trust, et. al.
The Bank has also been named as a defendant in this case, relating to BJD’s investment in the Distinctive Notes.
Plaintiffs allege that the Bank, and the other defendants breached their fiduciary duties and were negligent in allowing plaintiffs to invest in the Distinctive Notes because the loan program was allegedly never funded and the assets of the borrower did not exist or were overvalued. Plaintiffs are seeking approximately $800,000 in damages, 9% interest, punitive damages, attorneys’ fees and costs.

On July 11, 2011, the U.S. Attorney's Office moved to intervene in this case as well for purposes of seeking a stay of certain discovery pending completion of the above described criminal proceedings. As a result, certain discovery in the case was put on hold for the duration of such criminal proceedings.

The criminal proceedings against Sigillito began on March 19, 2012. After a four week trial, Sigillito was found guilty of 20 counts of wire fraud, mail fraud, conspiracy and money laundering. Following this verdict, the judge lifted the stay and has scheduled a Rule 16 conference in the Rosemann case for May 31, 2012. The court in the Dunning case has granted the Bank's motion to compel arbitration and stay preceedings and scheduled a case management conference for May 10, 2012.

William Mark Scott v. Enterprise Financial Services Corp
On April 10, 2012, a putative class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri captioned William Mark Scott v. Enterprise Financial Services Corp, Peter F. Benoist, and Frank H. Sanfilippo. The complaint asserts claims for violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of the Company's stock between April 20, 2010 and January 25, 2012, inclusive. The complaint alleges, among other things, that defendants made false and misleading statements and "failed to disclose that the Company was improperly recording income on loans covered under loss share agreements with the FDIC" and that, as a result, "the Company's financial statements were materially false and misleading at all relevant times." The action seeks unspecified damages and costs and expenses. The Company denies plaintiffs’ allegations and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit.


93369 4/26/2012 5/9/2012
ITEM 1.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Legal Proceedings
Minnesota Attorney General and Similar Matters
On January 19, 2012, the State of Minnesota, by its Attorney General, filed a complaint against us in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota alleging violations of federal and Minnesota state health privacy laws and regulations, Minnesota debt collection laws, and Minnesota consumer protection laws resulting from, among other things, the theft in Minnesota in July 2011 of an employee's laptop that contained protected health information. In addition, on April 24, 2012, the Attorney General released to the public a compliance review alleging, or raising questions about, our non-compliance with federal and Minnesota health privacy laws, the federal Fair Credit Reporting Act, the federal Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act, federal and Minnesota debt collections laws, and Minnesota consumer protection laws. Some, but not all, of the alleged violations of law and supporting factual allegations are the same as those alleged in the original complaint filed by the Attorney General. No action is presently pending based on the allegations in the compliance review. On April 30, 2012, we filed a motion to dismiss the Minnesota Attorney General's original complaint. The motion, which is currently pending, denies the Attorney General's claims and requests that the Court dismiss the complaint, in its entirety, with prejudice. We continue to work toward the resolution of the Attorney General matter.
On January 25, 2012, the Commissioner of the Minnesota Department of Commerce served an administrative subpoena on us seeking information and documents about our debt collection practices and the privacy of personal and health data within our possession or control. On February 3, 2012, we entered into a Consent Cease and Desist Order with the Minnesota Commerce Commissioner. As a result of the Order, we have voluntary agreed to cease all debt collection activity in the State of Minnesota until such time as the Commissioner is satisfied that we are in compliance with all Minnesota debt collection laws. We continue to fully cooperate with the investigation.
On March 27, 2012, the Federal Trade Commission issued a Civil Investigative Demand to us for the purpose of determining whether we have violated the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act, or Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act as it relates to deceptive or unfair acts or practices related to consumer privacy and/or data security. Pursuant to the Demand, the Federal Trade Commission seeks documents and responses that primarily concern the collection, use, security, and privacy of personal and health data within our possession or control, statements to consumers about such data, the use of various forms of scoring, and our policies and practices regarding collections. We are fully cooperating with the investigation.
Primarily based on allegations made in the Minnesota Attorney General's compliance review described above: (1) on April 27, 2012, Senator Al Franken of Minnesota sent a letter to us requesting written responses to a series of questions about our business practices for the Fairview Hospital System in Minnesota and (2) on May 2, 2012, Energy and Commerce Committee Ranking Member Henry A. Waxman, Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee Ranking Member Diana DeGette, and Commerce, Manufacturing, and Trade Subcommittee Ranking Member G. K. Butterfield sent a letter to us requesting written responses to a series of questions about our business practices and potential violation of certain federal privacy and debt collection laws. We are fully cooperating with both the Senate and House inquiries.
Beginning in late April 2012, we have been named as a defendant in several putative securities class actions that have been filed in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The primary allegations are that our public statements, including filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, were false and/or misleading about our violations of certain federal and Minnesota privacy and debt collection laws. In addition, we and our directors have been named in one putative shareholder derivative lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The primary allegations are that our directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with our alleged violations of certain federal and Minnesota privacy and debt collection laws. We believe we have meritorious defenses in all of these cases and intend to vigorously defend ourselves and directors against these claims.
The final outcome and impact of these matters, and any related claims and investigations that may be brought in the future, are subject to many variables, and cannot be predicted. We establish accruals only for those matters where we determine that a loss is probable and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. While it is reasonably possible that these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, financial condition or cash flows during any particular quarterly or annual period, it is currently not possible to reasonably estimate the aggregate amount of such losses which we may incur in connection with these matters.


78877 4/26/2012 5/11/2016
ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings
Litigation
On February 25, 2009, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and certain of its officers and directors along with certain underwriters of the Company’s July 2008 common stock offering. Following the appointment of a lead plaintiff and counsel, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint on September 11, 2009 alleging that the registration statement for the offering contained material misstatements and omissions and seeking damages under Sections 11, 12 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 of an unspecified amount and rescission. The action was transferred to the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma on October 13, 2009. On September 2, 2010, the court denied the defendants’ motion to dismiss, and the court certified the class on March 30, 2012. Defendants moved for summary judgment on grounds of loss causation and materiality on December 16, 2011. Discovery in the case is proceeding. We are currently unable to assess the probability of loss or estimate a range of potential loss associated with the case. A derivative action was also filed in the District Court of Oklahoma County, Oklahoma on March 10, 2009 against certain current and former directors and officers of the Company asserting breaches of fiduciary duties relating to alleged material omissions in the registration statement for the July 2008 offering. The derivative action was stayed pursuant to stipulation, and on April 20, 2012, plaintiffs filed a motion to lift the stay and permit plaintiffs to file an amended complaint. A second derivative action relating to the July 2008 offering was filed against certain current and former directors and officers of the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma on September 6, 2011. This action also asserts breaches of fiduciary duties with respect to alleged material omissions in the offering registration statement. The Company filed a motion to dismiss the action on November 30, 2011, and plaintiffs filed an Opposition on January 9, 2012. Chesapeake is named as a nominal defendant in both derivative actions.
Three derivative actions were filed in the District Court of Oklahoma County, Oklahoma on April 28, May 7, and May 20, 2009 against the Company’s directors alleging, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duties relating to the 2008 compensation of the Company’s CEO, Aubrey K. McClendon, and seeking unspecified damages, equitable relief and disgorgement. These three derivative actions were consolidated and a Consolidated Derivative Shareholder Petition naming Chesapeake as a nominal defendant was filed on June 23, 2009. Chesapeake’s motion to dismiss was granted on February 26, 2010, and the Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals affirmed the dismissal on August 26, 2011. The plaintiffs filed a petition for writ of certiorari with the Oklahoma Supreme Court on September 13, 2011.
On January 30, 2012, the District Court of Oklahoma County, Oklahoma approved a settlement between the parties in the consolidated derivative action, as well as a case on appeal at the Oklahoma Court of Civil Appeals requesting inspection of Company books and records relating to the December 2008 employment agreement with its CEO. The principal terms of the settlement include the rescission of the sale of an antique map collection that occurred in December 2008 between Mr. McClendon and the Company, whereby Mr. McClendon will pay the Company approximately $12 million plus interest and the Company will reconvey the map collection to Mr. McClendon, and the adoption and/or implementation of a variety of corporate governance measures. The court awarded attorney fees and expenses to plaintiffs’ counsel in the amount of $3,750,000, that was paid by Chesapeake. Pursuant to the settlement, the consolidated derivative action and books and records action were dismissed with prejudice against all defendants. On February 29, 2012, certain shareholders filed a petition in error with the Oklahoma Supreme Court opposing the terms of the settlement and on March 20, 2012 Chesapeake responded.
On September 6 and 8, 2011, in separate derivative actions filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma against certain of the Company’s current and former directors, two shareholders alleged that the Chesapeake board wrongfully refused their demands to investigate purported breaches of fiduciary duties relating to Mr. McClendon’s 2008 compensation and, as a result, each of these shareholders asserts he is entitled to seek relief on behalf of the Company. These federal derivative actions were consolidated on December 23, 2011 and on March 14, 2012 were stayed until 30 days after the Supreme Court of Oklahoma resolves the appeal of the settlement of the consolidated derivative action and books and records action. On May 3, 2012, plaintiffs filed a motion to lift the stay and sought leave to file an amended complaint.
 
From April 19 to May 3, 2012, nine nearly identical shareholder actions were filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma against the Company and its directors alleging, among other things, violations of Section 14 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder for purported material misstatements in the Company’s 2009 and subsequent proxy statements related to Mr. McClendon’s participation in the Founder Well Participation Program and breaches of fiduciary duties against the Board for failing to make proper disclosures in the proxy statements. On April 27, 2012, a shareholder derivative action was filed in the District Court of Oklahoma County, Oklahoma setting forth substantially similar claims to those alleged in the federal shareholder actions.
On April 26, 2012, a putative class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma against the Company and Mr. McClendon alleging violations of Sections 10(b) (and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for purported misstatements concerning Mr. McClendon’s participation in the Founder Well Participation Program. The plaintiffs seek class certification, damages of an unspecified amount and attorneys’ fees and other costs.
On May 2, 2012, Chesapeake and Mr. McClendon received notice from the Securities and Exchange Commission that its Fort Worth Regional Office has commenced an informal inquiry and requested that the Company and Mr. McClendon retain documents related to the Founder Well Participation Program and certain transactions. The SEC noted in its request that its inquiry should not be construed as an indication that any violation of the federal securities laws has occurred. The Company and Mr. McClendon intend to cooperate with the SEC in responding to its inquiry.
On May 8, 2012, a derivative action was filed in the District Court of Oklahoma County, Oklahoma against the Company’s directors alleging, among other things, breaches of fiduciary duties and corporate waste related to the Company’s officers and directors’ use of the Company’s fractionally owned corporate jets.
Chesapeake is also involved in various other lawsuits and disputes incidental to its business operations, including commercial disputes, personal injury claims, claims for underpayment of royalties, property damage claims and contract actions. With regard to the latter, various mineral or leasehold owners have filed lawsuits against us seeking specific performance to require us to acquire their natural gas and oil interests and pay acreage bonus payments, damages based on breach of contract and/or, in certain cases, punitive damages based on alleged fraud. The Company has successfully defended a number of these cases in various courts, has settled others and believes that it has substantial defenses to the claims made in those pending at the trial court and on appeal. Based on management’s current assessment, we are of the opinion that no pending or threatened lawsuit or dispute incidental to the Company’s business operations is likely to have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The final resolution of such matters could exceed amounts accrued, however, and actual results could differ materially from management’s estimates.
The Company records an associated liability when a loss is probable and the amount is reasonably estimable. The Company accounts for legal defense costs in the period the costs are incurred.
Environmental Proceedings
We refer you to information in Item 3. Legal Proceedings of our 2011 Form 10-K about settlements the Company entered into in February 2012 with the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) that terminated DEP proceedings regarding three separate matters (a well control incident; soil erosion and encroachment of a forested wetland associated with the construction of a well pad; and soil erosion and sediment control associated with another pad site).
The West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection (WVDEP) has issued orders for compliance related to alleged violations of the West Virginia Dam Control and Safety Act at four structures constructed for Chesapeake in West Virginia. These orders for compliance have been resolved by a mutual settlement agreement dated April 20, 2012 between Chesapeake and the WVDEP. Pursuant to the settlement agreement, Chesapeake agreed to pay a fine of $325,000 and make a contribution in the amount of $125,000 to the West Virginia Department of Natural Resources Wildlife Recreation fund for supplemental projects centered on dam safety construction, maintenance, enhancement, or engineering in northwestern West Virginia.
 
There are also outstanding orders for compliance initiated in the 2010 fourth quarter by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) related to our compliance with Clean Water Act (CWA) permitting requirements in West Virginia. We have responded to all pending orders and are actively working with the EPA to resolve these matters. For four of the sites subject to EPA orders for compliance, we have received and have responded to a subpoena requesting documents issued by the grand jury of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of West Virginia. We understand that the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) is investigating possible criminal violations of and liabilities under the CWA with respect to three of the four sites. We are cooperating with the DOJ’s investigation. The CWA provides authority for significant civil and criminal penalties for the placement of fill in a jurisdictional stream or wetland without a permit from the Army Corps of Engineers. CWA civil penalties can be as high as $37,500 per day, per violation, and possible criminal penalties range from $2,500 to $25,000 per day, per violation, for misdemeanor liability (i.e., criminally negligent conduct) and from $5,000 to $50,000 per day, per violation, for felony liability (i.e., knowing conduct). The CWA sets forth subjective criteria, including degree of fault and history of prior violations, that influence CWA penalty assessments, and the EPA may also seek to recover the economic benefit derived from non-compliance.
The duration and outcome of the DOJ’s investigation are uncertain and the status of the investigation and our assessment of its potential impact may change as the investigation unfolds on a timetable that we cannot confidently predict and that may be affected by developments over the next few quarters. While we expect that resolution of the EPA’s compliance orders and the DOJ’s investigation under the CWA will include monetary sanctions exceeding $100,000, following discussions with the DOJ and EPA, we believe the liability with respect to these matters will not have a material effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flow of the Company.


87078 5/2/2012 5/10/2012
9. Contingencies
On August 4, 2009, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against the Company, Glen Tullman and William Davis by the Plumbers and Pipefitters Local Union No. 630 Pension-Annuity Trust Fund on behalf of a purported class consisting of stockholders who purchased Allscripts common stock between May 8, 2007 and February 13, 2008. On October 13, 2009, David Robb was appointed lead plaintiff, and on November 25, 2009, an amended complaint was filed containing allegations that the Company, Tullman and Davis made materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions in connection with the release of TouchWorks EHR, Version 11. On January 11, 2010, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. On April 13, 2010, the court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss on the grounds that plaintiffs failed to sufficiently describe the confidential sources upon which the allegations in the amended complaint were based. On May 12, 2010, the court granted plaintiffs leave to replead. On May 14, 2010, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, which attributed certain allegations to four different confidential witnesses, but made no other substantive changes. On June 11, 2010, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On March 10, 2011, the motion was granted in substantial part. However, the Court denied the motion with respect to two alleged false statements. On September 19, 2011, the Court entered an order certifying a class. On February 7, 2012, the parties agreed, subject to execution of settlement documents and Court approval, to settle this matter on a class-wide basis. The settlement amount totaling approximately $10 million will be funded by the Company’s directors’ and officers’ liability insurance carrier and therefore have no material impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
On September 14, 2010, Pegasus Imaging Corporation (“Pegasus”) filed a lawsuit against the Company and AllscriptsMisys, LLC in the Circuit Court of the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida in and for Hillsborough County, Florida. The lawsuit also named former officers Jeffrey Amrein and John Reinhart as defendants. Prior to serving the complaint, Pegasus filed an amended complaint dropping two of the claims that had been asserted and adding two additional defendants, which are two now-defunct Florida corporations that formerly did business with the Company. The amended complaint asserts causes of action against defendants for fraudulent misrepresentations, negligent misrepresentations, and deceptive and unfair trade practices under Florida law, arising from previous business dealings between Pegasus and Advanced Imaging Concepts, Inc., a software company based in Louisville, Kentucky that the Company purchased in August 2003. On or about November 1, 2010, Defendants moved to transfer the case to the special court for complex business litigation that resides in Hillsborough County, Florida. The Florida Business Court granted Defendants’ motion for transfer on January 13, 2011. The Defendants have answered the complaint and filed counterclaims against the Plaintiff alleging breach of license, breach of warranty, and breach of contract. On April 30, 2012, Plaintiff filed a motion seeking leave to amend its Complaint to add a claim alleging breach of a click-through license agreement and punitive damages. The Company has also recently moved for leave to amend its counterclaims to add a claim for negligent misrepresentations. Discovery in this matter is ongoing. The case is currently expected to be set for trial in April or May of 2013. The Company intends to continue to defend this matter vigorously. We believe that we have strong defensive positions in such matter, but the outcomes of intellectual property lawsuits are often uncertain.
On February 11, 2011, Medical Services Associates, Inc. (“MSA”) filed binding arbitration against the Company alleging that the Company negligently caused a loss of medical billing data, negligently or intentionally misrepresented certain facts regarding the computer system being sold to MSA, and/or breached certain aspects of a contract to provide certain software-related goods and services to MSA. The Company filed its counterclaim on March 11, 2011. The outcome of this matter depends upon questions of fact and law that are disputed or not clear, and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time and no reasonable estimate of potential damages is possible. The Company believes it has strong positions in this matter and intends to defend vigorously as to both liability and damages, but any unfavorable outcome may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to the above matters. However, the outcome of any of the foregoing litigation is inherently uncertain, and we may incur substantial defense costs and expenses. Therefore, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in the same reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
On December 22, 2011, in connection with a federal grand jury investigation of third parties, we received a subpoena requesting that we provide documents regarding Allscripts’ interactions with several healthcare and educational organizations. At this time, we are unable to determine the impact of the foregoing on Allscripts. We are cooperating with the United States Attorney’s Office in connection with such subpoena.
On May 1, 2012, Physicians Healthsource, Inc. (hereinafter “Plaintiff”) filed a class action Complaint in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions Inc., Allscripts, LLC and Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (“Allscripts”). The Complaint alleges that on multiple occasions between July 2008 and December 2011, Allscripts or its agent sent advertisements by fax to the Plaintiff and a class of similarly situated persons, without first receiving the recipients’ express permission or invitation in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C. § 227 (“TCPA”). The Complaint seeks $500 for each alleged violation of the TCPA, treble damages if the Court finds the violations to be willful, knowing or intentional, and injunctive and other relief. Allscripts was served with the Complaint and Plaintiff’s Motion for Class Certification on May 7, 2012 and a response is due May 28, 2012. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims.
On May 2, 2012, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against the Company, Glen Tullman and William Davis by the Bristol County Retirement System for itself and on behalf of a purported class consisting of stockholders who purchased Allscripts common stock between November 18, 2010 and April 26, 2012. The Complaint alleges that the Company, Mr. Tullman and Mr. Davis made materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions during the putative class period regarding the Company’s progress in integrating Allscripts’ and Eclipsys’ business following the August 24, 2010 merger and that the Company lacked a reasonable basis for certain statements regarding the Company’s post-merger integration efforts, operations, results and projections of future financial performance. The Company has not yet been served with the Complaint.
Considering the two class action suits discussed above were filed recently, it is not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of loss at this time. We will continue to evaluate the potential exposure related to these matters in future periods.
In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages and other matters arising in the normal conduct of our business, including intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other intellectual property violation claims.


90734 6/13/2012 6/14/2012
Item 8.01 Other Events.
 
       On June 13, 2012, LHC Group, Inc. (the “Company”) became aware of a putative class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Louisiana against the Company and one of its executive officers.  City of Omaha Police and Fire Retirement System v. LHC Group, Inc. et al., United States District Court for the Western District of Louisiana, Case Number 6:12-CV-01609-RFD-CMH. The complaint generally alleges that the defendants made false and misleading statements and/or omissions in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The plaintiff seeks unspecified compensatory damages for the putative class of purchasers of Company common stock during the period from July 30, 2008 through October 26, 2011.  The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to defend this lawsuit vigorously.


92902 7/13/2012 8/7/2012
Item 1.    Legal Proceedings.
From time to time, we are a party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. Below is a list of certain material legal proceedings to which we or our subsidiaries is a party. For information regarding other material pending legal proceedings involving us and our subsidiaries, see "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2011, which was filed with the SEC on March 7, 2012. Except as specified below, there have been no material developments with respect to any of such proceedings since the filing of such report.
Securities Class Action
On July 13, 2012, a securities class action complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California by Donald K. Franke naming us, Andrew Clark, Daniel Devine and Jane McAuliffe as defendants for allegedly making false and materially misleading statements regarding our business and financial results, specifically the concealment of accreditation problems at Ashford University. The complaint asserts a putative class period stemming from May 3, 2011 to July 6, 2012. A substantially similar complaint was also filed in the same court by Luke Sacharczyk on July 17, 2012 making similar allegations against us, Andrew Clark and Daniel Devine, which complaint asserts a putative class period stemming from May 3, 2011 to July 12, 2012. Finally, on July 26, 2012, another purported securities class action complaint was filed in the same court by David Stein against the same defendants based upon the same general set of allegations and class period. The complaints allege violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.
We have not yet responded to these complaints and anticipate that, pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, the Court will appoint a lead plaintiff and lead counsel pursuant to the provisions of that law, and eventually a consolidated amended complaint will be filed. We are evaluating these complaints and intend to vigorously defend against them. However, because of the many questions of fact and law that may arise, the outcome of these legal proceedings is uncertain at this point. Based on information available to us at present, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss and accordingly have not accrued any liability associated with these actions.

Shareholder Derivative Action
On July 24, 2012, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in California Superior Court by Alonzo Martinez. In the complaint, the plaintiff asserts a derivative claim on our behalf against certain of our current and former officers and directors. The complaint is entitled Martinez v. Clark, et al, and generally alleges that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties of candor, good faith and loyalty, wasted corporate assets and were unjustly enriched. We and the individual defendants have not yet responded to the complaint.

Stevens v. Bridgepoint Education, Inc.
In February 2011, we received a copy of a complaint filed as a class action lawsuit naming us, Ashford University, LLC, and certain employees as defendants. The complaint was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California in San Diego on February 17, 2011, and was captioned Stevens v. Bridgepoint Education, Inc. The complaint generally alleged that the plaintiffs and similarly situated employees were improperly denied certain wage and hour protections under California law.
In April 2011, we received a copy of a complaint filed as a class action lawsuit naming us and Ashford University, LLC, as defendants. The complaint was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California in San Diego on April 25, 2011, and was captioned Moore v. Ashford University, LLC. The complaint generally alleged that the plaintiff and similarly situated employees were improperly denied certain wage and hour protections under California law.

In May 2011, we received a copy of a complaint filed as a class action lawsuit naming us as a defendant. The complaint was filed in the Superior Court of the State of California in San Diego on May 6, 2011, and was captioned Sanchez v. Bridgepoint Education, Inc. The complaint generally alleged that the plaintiff and similarly situated employees were improperly denied certain wage and hour protections under California law.
In October 2011, the above named cases were consolidated because they involved common questions of law and fact, with Stevens v. Bridgepoint Education, Inc. designated as the lead case.


In April 2012, we entered into a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs of the above named cases to settle the claims on a class-wide basis. Under the terms of the settlement agreement, we agreed to pay an amount to settle the plaintiffs' claims, plus any related payroll taxes. We accrued a $10.8 million expense in connection with the settlement agreement during the six months ended June 30, 2012. On May 15, 2012, the Court granted preliminary settlement approval and scheduled a final settlement approval hearing in August 2012.

Guzman v. Bridgepoint Education, Inc.
In January 2011, Betty Guzman filed a class action lawsuit against Bridgepoint Education, Inc., Ashford University and University of the Rockies in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California.  The complaint is entitled Guzman v. Bridgepoint Eduction, Inc., et al, and alleges that the defendants engaged in misrepresentation and other unlawful behavior in their efforts to recruit and retain students.  The complaint asserts a putative class period of March 1, 2005 through the present.  In March 2011, the defendants filed a motion to dismiss the complaint, which was granted by the Court with leave to amend in October 2011.  In January 2012, the plaintiff filed a first amended complaint asserting similar claims and the same class period, and the defendants filed another motion to dismiss.  In May 2012, the Court granted the University of the Rockies' motion to dismiss and granted in part and denied in part the motion to dismiss filed by Bridgepoint Education, Inc. and Ashford University.  The Court also granted the plaintiff leave to file a second amended complaint.

We believe the lawsuit is without merit and intend to vigorously defend against it.  However, because of the many questions of fact and law that may arise, the outcome of this legal proceeding is uncertain at this point.  Based on the information available to us at present, we cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss for this action and accordingly have not accrued any liability associated with this action.


91517 8/29/2012 8/31/2012
Item 8.01
Other Events
 
On August 29, 2012, a putative securities class action lawsuit was filed against Assisted Living Concepts, Inc. (the “Company”) and Laurie A. Bebo on behalf of individuals and entities who allegedly purchased or otherwise acquired the Company’s Class A Common Stock between March 12, 2011 and August 6, 2012.  The complaint, which has not yet been served on the Company, is captioned Robert E. Lifson, Individually and On Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated, v . Assisted Living Concepts, Inc. and Laurie A. Bebo, 2:12-cv-00884, and was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin.  The lawsuit seeks damages and other relief for alleged violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The allegations relate to disclosures made by the Company pertaining to the Company's former lease with Ventas Realty, Limited Partnership.  The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims.


78051 9/26/2012 10/23/2012

ITEM 1.
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
We operate in a highly regulated industry. We are subject to the regulatory authority of the SEC, the FDA and numerous other federal and state governmental agencies including state attorney general offices, which have become more active in investigating the business practices of pharmaceutical companies.
In June 2011, Glenridge Pharmaceuticals LLC, or Glenridge, filed a lawsuit against us in the Superior Court of California, Santa Clara County, alleging that we had underpaid royalties to Glenridge, in connection with the timing of the impact of various offsets in the calculation of net sales. We are defending this lawsuit vigorously. In October 2012, a Judge of the Superior Court denied Glenridge summary judgment on its claims. Prior to that decision, in August 2012, we filed a separate lawsuit in the Superior Court of California, Orange County, against the three principals of Glenridge, as well as Glenridge, challenging the enforceability of our agreement with Glenridge, and alleging breach of fiduciary duty against the principals.
On September 21, 2012, we became aware of an investigation by the United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania (the "USAO") regarding our promotional practices. Following our September 24, 2012 announcement of this investigation, we received a subpoena from the USAO for information relating to our promotional practices. We are cooperating fully with the USAO.
On September 26, 2012, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against us and certain of our officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, captioned John K. Norton v. Questcor Pharmaceuticals, et al., No. SACv12-1623 DMG (FMOx). The complaint purports to be brought on behalf of shareholders who purchased our common stock between April 26, 2011 and September 21, 2012. The complaint generally asserts that we and certain of our officers and directors violated sections 10(b) and/or 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 by making allegedly false and/or misleading statements concerning the clinical evidence to support the use of Acthar for indications other than infantile spasms; the promotion of the sale and use of Acthar in the treatment of MS and nephrotic syndrome, and our outlook and potential market growth for Acthar. The complaint seeks damages in an unspecified amount and equitable relief against the defendants. Three additional putative securities class actions were subsequently filed by alleged shareholders in the United States District Court for the Central District of California, asserting substantially similar claims against the same defendants.
On October 2, 2012, an alleged shareholder filed a derivative lawsuit purportedly on behalf of the Company against certain of our officers and directors in the Superior Court of the State of California, Orange County, captioned Monika do Valle v. Virgil D. Thompson, et al., No. 30-2012-00602258-CU-SL-CXC. The complaint asserts claims for breach of fiduciary duty, abuse of control, mismanagement and waste of corporate assets arising from substantially similar allegations as those contained in the Norton case described above, as well as from allegations relating to sales of our common stock by the defendants and repurchases of our common stock. The complaint seeks an unspecified sum of damages and equitable relief.
On October 4, 2012, another alleged shareholder filed a derivative lawsuit in the United States District Court for the Central District of California captioned Gerald Easton v. Don M. Bailey, et al., No. SACV12-01716 DOC (JPRx). The suit asserts claims substantially identical to those asserted in the do Valle derivative action against the same defendants. Between October 4, 2012 and October 11, 2012, four additional, substantially similar derivative lawsuits were likewise filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California.
We believe that the probability of unfavorable outcome or loss related to this litigation and an estimate of the amount or range of loss, if any, from an unfavorable outcome are not determinable at this time.
Responding to government investigations, defending any claims raised, and any resulting fines, restitution, damages and penalties, settlement payments or administrative actions, as well as any related actions brought by stockholders or other third parties, could have a material impact on our reputation, business and financial condition and divert the attention of our management from operating our business.


27430 3/14/2005 3/14/2005
Cooper Tire's Texarkana Plant Halts Production
2005-03-14 17:09:00 UTC
FINDLAY, Ohio, March 14 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE: CTB) and the Texarkana United Steelworkers Local 752L were not able to reach agreement on a new labor contract. The current contract expired as of midnight, March 12. The union leadership authorized a work stoppage at the plant beginning at midnight, March 12, without a membership vote on the proposed contract. The company is hopeful that talks will continue to resume production as quickly as possible.


27430 3/14/2005 4/7/2005
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company Announces Tentative Agreement with Union
Findlay, Ohio, April 7, 2005 — Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (NYSE:CTB) today announced that it has reached a tentative contract agreement with United Steelworkers of America Local 752l. The company anticipates that the proposed contract will be brought to the union membership for a vote on Sunday, April 10, 2005. If the new contract is accepted by the vote, the union membership would return to work in Cooper’s Texarkana, Ark., tire manufacturing facility on Monday, April 11.
Production at the Texarkana facility was halted at midnight on March 12, 2005, as a result of the dispute with the union. The company estimates that the negative financial impact of the strike during the first quarter ended March 31, 2005, was in the range of 5 to 7 cents per share.
The Texarkana facility employs approximately 1,700 production people and produces approximately 40,000 tires per day at capacity.


87146 5/15/2005 5/29/2005
NSTAR and UWUA Local 369 Reach Agreement; Four-Year Contract Will Improve Customer Service, Reduce Costs
2005-05-29 22:06:00 UTC
BOSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--May 29, 2005--NSTAR Electric & Gas announced today that it has reached a tentative agreement on a new four-year contract with its largest labor union, Utility Workers Union of America AFL-CIO, Local 369. Company and union representatives signed the deal today. It will once again provide NSTAR with a full complement of workers to serve its customers.
"NSTAR customers are the clear winners in this contract. With it, the company will be able to provide better service than ever while at the same time holding the line on rising costs," said NSTAR Chairman, President and CEO Thomas May. "I look forward to having our employees back at work, serving our customers."
The four-year agreement will give NSTAR added flexibility to schedule employees for duty when customers need them most. The deal also provides for the hiring of additional employees. This complement of additional workers will allow the company to deploy dedicated maintenance crews.
"By providing more people and greater staffing flexibility, this new agreement clears the way for NSTAR to focus on systems upgrades, capital improvement and enhanced reliability for our customers," May said.
The four-year contract provides stability and certainty for both NSTAR and its union employees. It takes effect pending final ratification by the union membership. Employees are expected to report back to work beginning Thursday.


88658 7/21/2005 7/21/2005
TELUS confirms implementation of comprehensive offer of settlement on July 22
2005-07-21 23:10:00 UTC
VANCOUVER, July 21 /CNW/ - TELUS today confirmed that it will implement certain terms and conditions of its comprehensive offer of settlement on July 22.
"Our offer recognizes the contributions of our team members and effectively addresses the needs of TELUS, our customers and our shareholders," said Darren Entwistle, TELUS president and CEO. "It would make TELUS' unionized team members among the best paid telecommunications professionals in Canada, provide employment security and give TELUS the flexibility it needs to compete on an even playing field with its competitors."
TELUS has implemented a comprehensive contingency plan to maintain service for its customers in response to the full scale strike called by the Telecommunications Workers Union (TWU) earlier today.
This implementation will not include the retroactive and lump sum payments contained in the TELUS offer, which will only become payable following ratification of the comprehensive offer of settlement.


88658 7/21/2005 7/23/2005
TELUS wins broad injunction against TWU related to picketing near TELUS property and property of customers in B.C.
2005-07-23 16:40:00 UTC
VANCOUVER, July 23 /CNW/ - The Supreme Court of British Columbia late Friday granted an injunction sought by TELUS against the Telecommunications Workers Union (TWU). The injunction is to ensure safe access to the company's locations and its customers' locations in British Columbia.
The injunction prevents TWU union members from: - Picketing at, on or near TELUS' premises or customers' premises in a manner that blocks, obstructs or impedes access to and from the premises. - Impeding, blockading or obstructing persons adjacent to or in the vicinity of all TELUS locations and customer locations in B.C. - Trespassing at these same locations. - Aiding or abetting, counselling, supporting, encouraging or conspiring with others to bring about any of the acts referenced above.
"This is a very broad and positive ruling that gives TELUS the ability we need to ensure our team members can safely come to work and serve our customers," said Audrey Ho, vice-president of TELUS legal services. "It also means our customers will be able to carry on their business without the interference of TWU members on picket lines."



88658 7/21/2005 8/5/2005
3.4 Reaching a collective agreement

Reaching a collective agreement remains a priority for TELUS in 2005. Both the Company and the Telecommunications Workers Union ("TWU") have taken measures to increase pressure on each other to reach settlement. The current status of labour negotiations with the TWU is reflected by the escalation of these measures, culminating in TELUS' July 12, 2005 announcement of its intent
to implement its comprehensive offer of settlement commencing on July 22, 2005 and the TWU's initiation of full strike activity on July 21. Also on July 21, the Canada Industrial Relations Board ("CIRB") rejected the TWU's unfair labour practice complaint that sought binding arbitration. In response to
union strike activity, TELUS has implemented its contingency plans designed to minimize the impact on customers. On July 22, TELUS did commence implementation of its offer. The following is a summary of events during the second quarter and subsequently.
Following the CIRB's February 2, 2005 decision which overturned its January 2004 binding arbitration order, the parties resumed negotiations on February 10, 2005 with the assistance of a federally appointed mediator. The Company tabled a comprehensive offer to the TWU on April 13. The Company
communicated the terms and conditions of that offer to bargaining unit team members on April 21. The Company further tabled an addendum to the offer with the TWU on June 14, which provided clarifications and adjustments to the April 13 offer, benefiting employees and extending the duration of the offer from three to five years. The contract proposals have never been presented by the TWU to its membership for a ratification vote.
On April 18, 2005, the Company declared negotiations to be at an impasse and delivered first notice of lockout to the TWU. That notice, effective April 25, which did not include the closing of operations, included a number of measures, such as the suspension of grievance and arbitration processes, joint Union management committees, scheduling of accumulated time off, payment for the first day of sickness absence and the deferral of wage progression increases and increases in vacation entitlements. Attempts by the TWU at the Federal Court of Appeal and the CIRB for interim relief against this notice were unsuccessful.

TELUS escalated lockout measures during May and June aimed at reaching a settlement, including stopping collection and remittance of union dues. In response, the TWU imposed an overtime and relieving management ban and announced a work-to-rule campaign. On June 22, the TWU tabled its counter proposal to TELUS. The Company reviewed the TWU proposal and rejected it on June 24 because it did not in any meaningful fashion directly address TELUS' need for improved productivity and flexibility. Moreover, the offer widened the gap between the parties with respect to some key aspects such as the contract duration and reduction of extra days off. The TWU also began rotating strike activity in early July, in the form of "study sessions", to which management usually responded by imposing three-hour or longer lockouts for those employees who participated in the strike activity.
On July 12, TELUS informed the TWU that, effective July 22, it would commence implementation of its comprehensive offer of settlement including both the April 13, 2005 offer and the June 14, 2005 addendum. The implementation will not include the past period and other lump sum payments
totalling approximately $200 million contained in the TELUS offer, or certain pension and benefit proposals, which only become effective following ratification of the comprehensive offer of settlement. In addition, variable pay proposals for 2005 for B.C. based employees will only be earned for the
full year period if the collective agreement is ratified by September 1, 2005. Given the escalation of job action by the union and its continuing refusal to place TELUS' comprehensive offer of settlement before its membership for ratification vote, management concluded that this significant step was necessary to ensure that the TWU and bargaining unit team members address TELUS' offer. In response, the TWU further escalated rotating strike activity by increasing the number of locations and employees involved and the duration of the "study sessions". On July 21, the TWU initiated full scale strike activity and the Company implemented its contingency plans designed to minimize impacts to customers.
The status of three matters that were outstanding before the courts and Canada Industrial Relations Board ("CIRB") in early May follows:

    Appeal of CIRB Decisions 1088 and 278
The CIRB, in Decisions 1088 and 278, declared that TELUS Mobility's non-
unionized team members, predominantly located in Ontario and Quebec,
performing work similar to their unionized Mobility segment counterparts in
Alberta and British Columbia, should be included in the TWU bargaining unit
without a representational vote. TELUS Mobility's application to the Supreme
Court of Canada for leave to appeal was denied in June 2005. The impact of
Decision 1088 and 278 for TELUS Mobility can not be determined until a
settlement is reached with the TWU.

    Application to the CIRB by the TWU alleging unfair labour practices

    In early May 2005, the TWU filed an amendment to a previous complaint
filed with the CIRB. It alleged the Company's communication of its
comprehensive offer directly to bargaining unit team members was improper, and
as remedy, the TWU requested that the CIRB impose binding arbitration to
settle the collective agreement. The CIRB heard the amended complaint in late
May 2005 and rejected the TWU request for remedy of binding arbitration, on
July 21, 2005. The CIRB ruled that TELUS' lockout measures were in accordance
with the Canada Labour Code, and that TELUS' communication of its offer to
bargaining unit employees also did not contravene the Code. However, the CIRB
did rule that TELUS did not provide information concerning employees of the
former Clearnet early enough. Immediately following this ruling, the TWU filed
four new complaints with the CIRB.

    CIRB Decisions 1004 and 271

    The CIRB issued a unanimous summary decision on February 2, 2005,
overturning its previous ruling that imposed binding arbitration. In addition,
the Board set aside the April 2004 broad communications ban, and re-instated
its narrower January 2004 ban related to communications with bargaining unit
team members on labour relations issues and negotiations. This ban lifted
coincident with TELUS' first notice of intent to lockout on April 18.
Subsequently, the TWU filed an application in the Federal Court of Appeal,
heard on May 31 - June 1, 2005, and which sought to overturn the CIRB's
reconsideration decision and restore the order that placed the parties in
binding arbitration. On July 25, 2005, the Federal Court of Appeal dismissed
the Telecommunications Workers Union appeal application, declined the request
for an order returning the parties to binding arbitration, and in so doing,
confirmed the Canada Industrial Relations Board's decision of February 2, 2005
that collective bargaining is the preferred method of achieving settlement.
?
 


86341 8/8/2005 8/8/2005
 
ANGLOGOLD ASHANTI MAKES WAGE OFFER TO ITS SOUTH AFRICAN  EMPLOYEES

AngloGold Ashanti has announced that it has made a wage offer to its employees as   follows:

x	An increase of 6.5% for employees in categories 3 and  4;
x	A 6% increase for employees in categories from 5 to 8;  and
x	An increase of 5.25% for miners, artisans and officials.

In addition to the wage offer, the company has also offered to raise, incrementally, the current living out/accommodation allowance to R1 000 by the end of 2006.

AngloGold Ashanti has been in discussions with the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) and other unions and associations over the weekend and today.

CEO Bobby Godsell commented: “We are prepared to work hard to reach  a  settlement  but  this  settlement must be responsible in relation to current levels of inflation and costs.”







86341 8/8/2005 8/11/2005
ANGLOGOLD ASHANTI WELCOMES END OF STRIKE

AngloGold Ashanti welcomes the end of the gold mining industry’s wage dispute and strike, achieved late today through agreement between the Chamber of Mines and the National Union of Mineworkers and Solidarity.

Says CEO Bobby Godsell: “Strikes are by their nature unpleasant and costly. However it is pleasing   that the strike was resolved reasonably quickly and was conducted in an orderly manner. It is an indication of how far we have come since the last wage strike in 1987, which lasted for three weeks and involved significant violence.

“The settlement, involving the lowest percentage increases ever, was also an important step in establishing a norm of lower single digit increases in an environment of low inflation,” he added.

Says AngloGold Ashanti South Africa region head Robbie Lazare: “With the three lost production shifts and the start up to normalised production, we have effectively lost just over a tonne of gold. Our focus now will be on improving productivity initiatives so as to offset increased costs, and working with the unions to recover some of the lost shifts.”

The two-year agreement, effective 1 July 2005, can be summarised as follows:

-	Wage increases of between 6% and 7%, with the highest increase for the lowest job category;
-	A wage increase in the second year of CPIX plus 1%, subject to a guaranteed increase of between 5,5% and 6%, again depending on the job category;
-	Increased employer contributions to the risk benefit within the retirement fund; and
-	Improvements in accommodation subsidies.


84083 3/23/2005 3/24/2005
Strike action in Free State
 
Harmony confirmed that approximately 21 000 people employed in the original Harmony and Freegold operations in the Free State went out on strike last night. The company estimates that production loss per working day will be 5000 oz, which will impact the operating profit by approximately R1 million per day based on the December quarter’s results.
 
The National Union of Mineworkers (NUM) have informed Harmony they will be taking the four-day Easter weekend off, so negotiations to resolve the issues in dispute will only resume on Tuesday.
 
Harmony Director Ferdi Dippenaar also confirmed that “employees and members of NUM at our Target operations did not go out on strike following the successful interdict Harmony was granted last night.”
 
Dippenaar reiterated that unresolved issues include a demand that Harmony implement the Mining Charter with immediate effect, which he says is something impossible to do over night, but that significant progress had been made by Harmony. “We’re the only mining house in South Africa which has converted from ‘old order’ to ‘new order’ mining rights according to the Charter requirements.”
 
Addendum to mid-quarter update
 
With regard to information released at the mid-quarter update on 10 March 2005, to ensure that Harmony remains compliant with the guidelines attached to the South African Code for Reporting of Mineral Resources (The SAMREC code), the paragraph reading
 
The CPR, now in the process of being filed with the JSE, shows that Harmony’s audited proven and probable reserves total 52,1 million ounces. Another 8,3 million ounces of inferred reserves bring Harmony’s total to 60,4 million ounces, in line with the guidance given at the December quarterly results presentation and representing only a 3% difference between Harmony’s and SRK’s reserve estimates.
 
Should read
 
The CPR, now in the process of being filed with the JSE, shows that SRK’s audited estimate of Harmony’s proven and probable reserves total 52,1 million ounces. Another 8,3 million ounces which are currently classified by SRK as inferred resources are included in Harmony’s life of mine plans.


84083 3/23/2005 4/6/2005
NUM strike at Harmony operations to be called off
 
Following protracted negotiations, the strike on which the National Union of Mineworkers embarked Thursday 23 March 2005 at Harmony’s operations in the Free State is expected to be called off tonight.
 
The parties have reached an agreement in principle that the issues in dispute have been adequately addressed. The agreement will be signed later today. Employees at the original Harmony and Freegold operations would return to work with the night shift on Wednesday, 6 April 2005.
 
The strike which will have lasted eight working days cost the company approximately 45 000 oz in lost production, equating to approximately $18 million in lost revenue.
 


71589 8/11/2005 8/11/2005
British Airways Announces All Heathrow Flights Cancelled Tomorrow
2005-08-11 22:24:00 UTC
NEW YORK, Aug. 11 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- British Airways has cancelled all flights into and out of London Heathrow airport until at least 6 p.m. on Friday, Aug. 12.
This follows the suspension of all British Airways' Heathrow flights this afternoon as a result of unofficial industrial action by staff from catering company Gate Gourmet. This unofficial action spread to British Airways ground staff.
Due to the uncertainty of the industrial situation at Heathrow and aircraft and flying crew being out of position, the airline has taken the decision to cancel all Heathrow flights until tomorrow evening.
Sir Rod Eddington, British Airways' chief executive, said: "This unprecedented move is a result of the crippling operational impact of unofficial industrial action by staff from the Transport and General Workers union.
"Because we have not had sufficient airport staff to operate flights into or out of Heathrow, nearly 100 of our aircraft and 1,000 pilots and cabin crew are in the wrong places around the world and we simply cannot mount a robust operation any earlier.
"I would like to apologize unreservedly to our customers. It is a huge disappointment to us that we have become embroiled in someone else's dispute. I have urged the Transport and General Workers Union and Gate Gourmet managers to resolve this dispute and end this misery for our customers."
The airline is keeping the situation under constant review and will do everything it can to get its operation back to normal as soon as it can.
Customers due to travel tomorrow (Friday) should not go to their respective airport but should contact the airline or their travel agent to re-arrange their travel plans. Details of the airline's flying program will be updated on its http://ba.com website.
Notes Impact of disruptions on the Americas' Region - All flights from the Americas scheduled to depart to London Heathrow today are being held for 24 hours. - Passengers will be accommodated at local hotels and provided with food vouchers. - Flights departing to London Gatwick or Manchester remain unaffected. - British Airways operates almost 40 flights a day out of the Americas region. Advice for passengers in North America - Customers should check with British Airways first before going to their local airports. - Customers due to travel tonight (Thursday) are advised to visit Latest Flight News on http://ba.com. - Affected passengers can contact 1 800 AIRWAYS or their local travel agent. Commercial Policy
Customers due to travel on British Airways flights up to midnight on Monday, August 15 are covered by British Airways Standard Commercial Policy which enables passengers to rebook their flights or receive a refund on their purchase.


71589 8/11/2005 8/12/2005
British Airways Announces Resumption of Flights
2005-08-12 22:09:00 UTC
NEW YORK, Aug. 12 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- British Airways will operate a limited number flights from 8 p.m., local London time, this evening.
The airline plans to operate 31 flights this evening from London Heathrow airport to Glasgow, Paris, Munich, Frankfurt, Edinburgh, Hamburg, Budapest, Nice, Lyon, Newcastle, Basle, Manchester, Hong Kong, Johannesburg, Lagos, Singapore, Melbourne, Dubai, Sao Paulo, Rio de Janeiro, Sydney, Bangkok, Kuwait, Abuja and Tel Aviv.
From the USA this evening, only nine flights will operate to London from the USA: JFK, Miami, Los Angeles and San Francisco. No flights will operate tonight from Canada or Latin America.
All customers booked for Friday, Saturday and Sunday, are advised to call British Airways toll-free at 1 800 AIRWAYS, consult the airline's website ba.com., or check with their local travel agents, to confirm the airlines' latest flight schedules or to arrange a refund or to rebook their travel plans.
In addition, departing London services operated by its franchisee British Mediterranean include Teheran, Beirut, Alexandria, Damascus, Borge el Arab, Aleppo and Tibilisi and GB Airways' flights to Malaga and Casablanca.
No shorthaul services will operate to Heathrow from Europe tonight; limited longhaul departures to Heathrow will operate tonight from Nairobi, Capetown and Delhi.
Details of the airline's reduced flying program will be published on the http://ba.com website.
Full list of flights departing this evening from London Heathrow airport: BA1496 Glasgow BA326 Paris BA956 Munich BA916 Frankfurt BA1464 Edinburgh BA972 Hamburg BA870 Budapest BA352 Nice BA364 Lyon BA1338 Newcastle BA 6573 Beirut/Borge al Arab BA756 Basle BA1408 Manchester BA6555 Aleppo/Damascus BA031 Hong Kong BA027 Hong Kong BA057 Johannesburg BA137 Lagos BA6597 Tibilisi BA1498 Glasgow BA017 Singapore/Melbourne BA015 Singapore/Sydney BA109 Dubai BA6914 Casablanca BA6984 Malaga BA247 Sao Paulo/Rio de Janeiro BA6633 Teheran BA157 Kuwait BA083 Abuja BA163 TelAviv BA009Bangkok/Sydney
Mike Street, director of customer services and operations, said: "We face a complex logistical challenge with at least 100 aircraft and 1,000 flying crew out of position. As a result it will take some time to return to a normal flying program. We recognize how frustrating this must be but we are working as hard as we can to get customers away on their holidays."
Transport and General Workers Union staff have started to return to work after taking unofficial action in support of former employees of Gate Gourmet, the airline's catering supplier at Heathrow.


71589 8/11/2005 8/13/2005 

Saturday Flight Update From British Airways
2005-08-13 14:02:00 UTC
NEW YORK, Aug. 13 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- British Airways plans to operate up to 80 per cent of its scheduled longhaul services and about 85 per cent of scheduled shorthaul flights to/from London Heathrow airport on Saturday, Aug. 13, 2005.
A complete schedule and the expected departure times is available on the airline's website, ba.com. From North America, flights this evening will depart from almost every gateway.
Customers who have been delayed will be able to travel on these flights, however they are advised to check on ba.com before leaving for the airport for the latest information on their flight.
Customers also may call the airline toll-free at 1 800 AIRWAYS for latest flight departure and arrival information.
"We are working around the clock to restart our flights," said Robin Hayes, Executive Vice President The Americas British Airways. "Our priority is to resume our services as quickly as possible and help all our customers who have been affected."
Flights will continue to have limited catering provisions onboard aircraft as the London-based catering supplier, Gate Gourmet, is unable to offer the airline a full catering service. Customers will be provided with refreshments or meal vouchers at airports prior to as well as after flights.
All other Americas flights that operate to/from London Gatwick or Manchester are operating normally.


80345 8/20/2005 8/20/2005
Northwest Airlines Will Continue to Operate Normal Schedule
2005-08-20 04:14:00 UTC
EAGAN, Minn., Aug. 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Northwest Airlines (Nasdaq: NWAC) today said that it plans to operate its normal schedule despite the failure to reach a consensual agreement with the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (AMFA).
"Northwest customers can continue to depend on Northwest for their travel needs. We intend to operate our normal schedule of domestic and international flights," said Doug Steenland, president and chief executive officer.
"During the past 18 months, Northwest developed a comprehensive contingency plan that includes expanded vendor relationships to ensure that the airline continues to operate normally. Northwest has experienced, licensed and trained mechanics in place to service all NWA aircraft. The airline remains in full compliance with all Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) regulations."
"The Northwest final offer was fair to our employees while recognizing the need for equitable labor costs savings from all labor groups so that Northwest could restructure successfully," Steenland continued.
Because of the failure to reach an agreement with AMFA leadership prior to the midnight (EDT), August 20 deadline, Northwest has implemented new terms and conditions for its mechanics as permitted by the federal Railway Labor Act.
As always, Northwest customers can check on the status of their flights by utilizing the airline's Web site, http://www.nwa.com, or by calling the NWA flight information line at (800) 441-1818.


80345 8/20/2005 9/1/2005
Item 8.01. Other Events
 
The Company is providing mid-quarter financial guidance and updates on the Company’s labor negotiations, pension matters and the Series C litigation.

Fuel Outlook
Fuel prices have increased sharply since the beginning of the year when the spot price for jet fuel was $1.30 per gallon excluding taxes, or $42 per barrel (“bbl”) crude oil plus a $13/bbl jet fuel differential (“crack spread”).  Based on the forward curve for crude oil prices as of August 31, the Company anticipates that its third quarter fuel price will be approximately $1.90 to $1.95 per gallon excluding taxes, or $67/bbl crude oil plus a crack spread of $14/bbl, and that its consolidated fuel costs for the third quarter will total in excess of $900 million.  For the fourth quarter, the Company anticipates that its fuel price will be $2.15 to $2.25 per gallon excluding taxes, or $70/bbl crude oil plus a crack spread of $23/bbl, and that its consolidated fuel costs for the fourth quarter will also exceed $900 million, despite the Company’s previously announced 3 to 4 percent system capacity reduction versus last year.  As the Company has previously disclosed, every $1/bbl change in crude oil prices impacts annual fuel expense by approximately $50 million.
 
The Company expects that its total fuel expense in 2005 will be approximately $3.3 billion, versus the $2.2 billion spent in 2004 and more than double the $1.6 billion spent on fuel in 2003.
 
In addition, there is a possibility that Hurricane Katrina will lead to shortages because of the damage to drilling platforms, refineries and pipelines, many of which are currently shut down as a result of the storm and its aftermath.  The Company cannot predict how likely it is that such shortages will develop or how severe they may be.
 
AMFA Update / Labor Update
 
On August 19, the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association (“AMFA”), which represents mechanics, cleaners and custodians at Northwest, declined to send the terms of the Company’s final contract offer to its membership for ratification and called a strike against the Company.  As a result, the Company was forced to implement its previously developed contingency plans, which included the deployment of approximately 1,200 contract technicians and 300-350 management A&P technicians.  Since August 19, the Company has not had any subsequent negotiations with AMFA, and no discussions are currently planned.
 
The Company’s operational performance, while impacted by pre-strike slowdown actions by its AMFA-represented employees, improved during the subsequent twelve-day period.  The number of aircraft out of service was reduced from a peak of 57 aircraft on August 19, the day before the strike, to a low of 10 aircraft during the day on August 27.  On August 19, Northwest’s system completion factor (“completion factor”) was 91.6 percent and on-time arrival performance within 14 minutes (“on-time performance”) was 56.7 percent.  For the five-day period August 20 through August 24, the Company averaged a completion factor of 96.7 percent and an on-time performance of 60.5 percent.  For the seven-day period August 25 through August 31, the Company averaged a completion factor of 97.8 percent and an on-time performance of 72.2 percent.  The Company’s completion factor, adjusted to eliminate flights canceled as a result of Hurricane Katrina, from August 29 through August 31 was 99.4 percent.
 
The Company is currently in mediated labor negotiations under Section 6 of the Railway Labor Act with the International Association of Machinists and the Professional Flight Attendants Association, and has held preliminary discussions with the Air Line Pilots Association, seeking modifications to the collective bargaining agreements that would result in required labor savings. The Company established a $1.1 billion annual labor cost savings target last March.  However, due to its worsening financial condition, in part the result of dramatically higher fuel prices, it is likely that the Company will have to increase the $1.1 billion labor cost savings target.
 
Liquidity
 
The Company’s unrestricted cash and short-term investments balance on June 30 was $2.14 billion.  As of August 31, the Company’s unrestricted cash and short-term investments balance was approximately $1.7 billion.  A portion of the reduction in the Company’s unrestricted cash is attributable to a holdback related to a definitive term sheet that would amend and restate its Credit Card Processing Agreement.
 
Even as the Company has incurred substantial losses, it has maintained adequate liquidity through the sale of non-strategic assets or by obtaining new financing.  The Company does not have any material amount of unencumbered assets to secure any additional financings, and absent labor cost restructuring and pension funding relief, the Company is unlikely to have access to the capital markets, which could allow it obtain additional liquidity through new financings and the extension of existing debt maturities.
 
Third Quarter Projections
 
The Company has experienced improved revenue trends thus far in the third quarter, with continued increased demand and record load factors across all geographic regions.  For the third quarter 2005 versus third quarter 2004, mainline system passenger revenue per available seat mile (“RASM”) is expected to increase approximately 4 to 5 percent, with Domestic RASM up 2 to 3 percent and International RASM up 7 to 8 percent.  The Company believes that there has been no material impact to revenues as a result of the AMFA strike.
 
For the third quarter 2005 versus third quarter 2004, the Company expects mainline unit costs excluding fuel to increase 4 to 5 percent.  This estimate includes strike contingency expenses, savings that will be realized under the contract terms imposed by the Company with respect to its mechanic, cleaner and custodian workforce on August 20, and increased pension expenses.  A portion of the strike contingency expenses are timing related which will result in lower expenses for the Company in future quarters.
 
Based on current projections for revenues, costs and the forward curve for fuel prices as of August 31, the Company expects to incur a third quarter net loss ranging from $350 to $400 million, or approximately $4 million per day, excluding the impact of unusual items.  Depending on how severe and protracted the disruptions associated with Hurricane Katrina turns out to be, the Company’s results could be worse as both revenues and costs could be negatively affected.
 
Pension Update
 
Along with a freeze of its defined benefit pension plans, it is critical for the Company to obtain legislative reform of existing pension funding requirements that would provide sufficient time to make up the current funding shortfall in those plans, which approximates $3.8 billion.  Absent such relief, the Company’s pension funding requirements in calendar years 2006 and 2007 are expected to approximate $800 million and $1.7 billion, respectively.  On July 26, the U.S. Senate Finance Committee reported out of committee a comprehensive pension reform bill that included a provision that would allow airlines up to 14-years to amortize unfunded amounts in frozen defined benefit pension plans.  If enacted into legislation, the Company’s estimated 2006 and 2007 pension funding requirements would be significantly reduced.  The timing of any legislation, if enacted, is beyond the Company’s control.
 
As the Company has previously highlighted, absent pension reform that significantly reduces future funding requirements, the Company would need to consider filing for bankruptcy and would have to evaluate whether to terminate its defined benefit pension plans as United and US Airways have done in their reorganization proceedings.
 
Capacity Outlook
 
The following is the Company’s outlook with respect to projected capacity plans for 2005 and 2006.
 
Available Seat Miles (ASMs) – Year over Year (% change)
 
 	 	3Q05E	 	4Q05E	 	2005E	 
System	 	1.7	 	(3) - (4)	 	1 - 2	 
Domestic	 	0.1	 	(7) - (8)	 	(1) - (2)	 
Pacific	 	(0.2)	 	2 - 3	 	4 - 5	 
Atlantic	 	12.3	 	1 - 2	 	9 - 10	 
Regional	 	18.5	 	19 - 20	 	25 - 26	 
 
Due to the Company’s continuing financial losses, particularly with high fuel prices and its uncompetitive labor cost structure, the Company is currently reviewing its capacity plans for the fourth quarter 2005 and for 2006 is likely to reduce System ASMs significantly beyond that reflected above.
 
Series C Update
 
In March 2005, a New York state court ruled on a motion for summary judgment that Northwest had violated the agreements with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, which had been issued to employees in connection with concessionary labor agreements entered into in 1993.  Northwest believes that the judge’s decision was erroneous and expects that it will be reversed on appeal.  A trial to determine the amount of damages had been set for September 7, 2005.
 
On August 24, Northwest and the plaintiffs reached an agreement, among other things, to cancel the trial and to establish the amount of damages owed to employees represented by the plaintiffs should the trial court’s liability determination be upheld (nearly $277 million).  The agreement also established the procedural process for Northwest to appeal the trial court’s liability judgment and to seek a stay of enforcement of the judgment.  The plaintiffs also agreed not to take any action to enforce the judgment unless and until the New York State Appellate Division denies Northwest’s motion to stay enforcement of the judgment.  The Company does not expect the appellate court to decide on the Northwest motion for a stay before late October.
 
Bankruptcy Risks
 
As previously disclosed, the Company’s continuing financial losses and its rapidly declining liquidity, particularly in light of historically high fuel prices, the uncertainty with respect to the outcome of discussions with its labor unions seeking labor cost reductions, the lack of assurance regarding the timing and form of any legislative relief associated with the Company’s pension funding obligations, and the potential for an adverse outcome in the Series C preferred stock litigation, all represent risk factors that, individually or in combination, could impact whether the Company will be required to seek relief under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code.  As a result of the recent spike in jet fuel prices, the time period for the Company to resolve these problems has been reduced.  In addition, the Company will continue to need to restructure its debt and lease obligations to produce improved future liquidity.  The Company can provide no assurance as to the outcome of these efforts.

Statements in this Form 8-K including those in the exhibits, that are not purely historical facts, including statements regarding our beliefs, expectations, intentions or strategies for the future, may be “forward-looking statements” under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from the plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by the forward-looking statements of the Company. Such risks and uncertainties include, among others, the future level of air travel demand, the Company’s future load factors and yields, the airline pricing environment, increased costs for security, the cost and availability of aviation insurance coverage and war risk coverage, the general economic condition of the U.S. and other regions of the world, the price and availability of jet fuel, the aftermath of the war in Iraq, the possibility of additional terrorist attacks or the fear of such attacks, concerns about Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome (SARS) and other influenza or contagious illnesses, labor negotiations both at other carriers and the Company, low fare carrier expansion, capacity decisions of other carriers, actions of the U.S and foreign governments, foreign currency exchange rate fluctuation and inflation. Additional information with respect to the factors and events that could cause differences between forward-looking statements and future actual results is contained in the Company’s Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2004. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that may arise after the date of this release.


80345 8/20/2005 9/11/2005
Northwest Airlines Company Statement on AMFA'S Decision to Discontinue Negotiations
2005-09-11 21:09:00 UTC
EAGAN, Minn., Sept. 11 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Northwest Airlines today issued the following statement regarding the Aircraft Mechanics Fraternal Association's (AMFA) decision to discontinue contract negotiations with the company:
We are disappointed that AMFA leadership has broken off talks with Northwest Airlines. The company had hoped that AMFA membership would have had the opportunity to vote on the airline's latest proposal.
Northwest remains willing to negotiate with AMFA to reach a consensual agreement.
As we have previously stated, the economic pressures affecting the airline, particularly the skyrocketing cost of fuel, have intensified.
Our latest proposal calling for $203 million in annual savings from our AMFA-represented employees is consistent with the new labor-cost savings that the company now is seeking from all of its employees.
The company's proposal included severance that was equal to the maximum amount available to any Northwest contract employee. The severance proposal would have allowed our AMFA-represented employees to be furloughed to continue to receive a paycheck through the end of the year.
As we advised AMFA last Tuesday, we will begin hiring permanent replacements for the striking AMFA technicians beginning September 13.
The airline continues to run normally and the current mix of FAA-licensed Northwest managers, contract technicians and third-party vendors continue to reliably meet the needs of Northwest's customers.


41187 3/4/2011 3/7/2011
Item 8.01  Other Events.
Collective bargaining agreement.  As of February 28, 2011, approximately 55% of the electric utilities’ employees were members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, AFL-CIO, Local 1260, Unit 8, which is the only union representing employees of the electric utilities. The collective bargaining agreement between the union and the electric utilities expired on October 31, 2010, but had been extended through January 31, 2011 while negotiations for a new agreement continued. A tentative new agreement was reached with the union on January 31, 2011, but the agreement was conditioned on ratification by the union’s members and the union’s members did not ratify the new agreement. On March 4, 2011 the union declared a strike on HECO and its subsidiaries. Non-union employees are operating HECO and its subsidiaries’ electric systems during the union’s work stoppage and have plans in place to address various contingencies as they arise. Management cannot predict when the work stoppage will end, or when a new agreement will be reached.
 
HEI and HECO intend to continue to use HEI’s website,www.hei.com, as a means of disclosing additional information. Such disclosures will be included on HEI’s website in the Investor Relations section. Accordingly, investors should routinely monitor such portions of HEI’s website, in addition to following HEI’s, HECO’s and American Savings Bank, F.S.B.’s (ASB’s) press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Investors may also wish to refer to the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Hawaii (PUC) website at dms.puc.hawaii.gov/dms in order to review documents filed with and issued by the PUC.
 


41187 3/7/2011 3/14/2011
Item 8.01  Other Events.
Collective bargaining agreement.  As of February 28, 2011, approximately 55% of the electric utilities’ employees were members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, AFL-CIO, Local 1260, Unit 8, which is the only union representing employees of the electric utilities. On March 4, 2011, with the collective bargaining agreement expired, the union declared a strike on HECO and its subsidiaries. On March 11, 2011, the union’s members ratified a new collective bargaining agreement and a new benefit agreement with the electric utilities. The new collective bargaining agreement covers a term from January 1, 2011 to October 31, 2013 and provides for non-compounded wage increases (1.75%, 2.5%, and 3.0% for calendar years 2011, 2012 and 2013, respectively). The new benefit agreement covers a term from January 1, 2011 to October 31, 2014 and includes changes to medical, dental and vision plans and increased employee contributions and changes to retirement benefits for employees commencing employment on or after May 1, 2011. The union’s work stoppage ended on March 11, 2011.
 
HEI and HECO intend to continue to use HEI’s website,www.hei.com, as a means of disclosing additional information. Such disclosures will be included on HEI’s website in the Investor Relations section. Accordingly, investors should routinely monitor such portions of HEI’s website, in addition to following HEI’s, HECO’s and American Savings Bank, F.S.B.’s press releases, SEC filings and public conference calls and webcasts. Investors may also wish to refer to the Public Utilities Commission of the State of Hawaii (PUC) website at dms.puc.hawaii.gov/dms in order to review documents filed with and issued by the PUC.
 


30277 5/9/2011 5/9/2011
Nexen Resuming Production in Yemen
 
Calgary, Alberta, May 11, 2011 – Nexen Inc. advises that production and operations have resumed in Yemen following a two-day labor strike. Production is expected to be at pre-shutdown rates in the next few days.
 



30277 5/9/2011 5/11/2011
Nexen Resuming Production in Yemen
 
Calgary, Alberta, May 11, 2011 – Nexen Inc. advises that production and operations have resumed in Yemen following a two-day labor strike. Production is expected to be at pre-shutdown rates in the next few days.
 



30277 5/9/2011 5/19/2011
Nexen Provides Operations Update
 
Calgary, Alberta, May 19, 2011– Nexen Inc. advises that it has finalized plans to upgrade the cooling system and return to full production at its Buzzard platform in the North Sea. The cooling medium is expected to be replaced by the end of May. During this period production will be limited to about 80,000 boe/d (gross). We expect to increase production beyond current levels through June and July and reach full capacity of over 200,000 boe/d towards the end of July as upgraded coolers are installed and commissioning of the fourth platform is completed. We expect brief periods of downtime, or reduced rates, to complete these activities.
 
To mitigate this production shortfall we are realigning the two week turnaround previously scheduled for September. We are planning to accelerate some of the work to the next two months and to take advantage of a five-day outage in August that is required to support third-party work on the Forties Pipeline.
 
In West Africa, the Usan floating production and storage offloading vessel is now en route and is expected to be on site for installation this summer. Usan remains on track for first oil next year.
 
In Yemen, production returned to full rates on May 11th following a shutdown for two days due to a labour strike.
 
In the Gulf of Mexico, the Bureau of Ocean Energy Management, Regulation and Enforcement approved an exploration plan to drill up to eight wells on Mississippi Canyon blocks 348, 391 and 392 which contain the Appomattox discovery. Shell is the operator of this joint venture. We are currently waiting on a drilling permit to proceed on appraising Appomattox. Nexen estimates the recoverable contingent resource from the original Appomattox discovery exceeds 250 million boe (gross) with upside potential. Nexen has a 20% working interest at Appomattox.
 
The company also plans to drill two other exploration wells in the Gulf of Mexico this year. Applications to drill the operated Kakuna and Angel Fire deepwater prospects have been submitted and are proceeding through the approval process.
 
At Long Lake, Nexen successfully completed scheduled maintenance on a second hot lime softener and the first cogeneration unit in April. The final hot lime softener and the other cogeneration unit are scheduled to undergo maintenance in August. This maintenance temporarily impacts production and increases operating costs.  Production at Long Lake is currently averaging 28,300 bbls/d (gross). Growth is expected from increased steam injection, well optimization and the ramp up of ten new wells at pad 11. Six of the wells on the pad have completed initial steaming and are now ramping up. Further increases across the field will come as we continue to steam through high water saturation zones.
 
Other initiatives at Long Lake include the completion of the additional natural gas pipeline which is expected to be in service this summer. This pipeline enables more consistent steam generation independent of upgrader operations. Drilling has commenced on the first of two new pads (pads 12 and 13) which are located in high quality reservoir. Steaming and production from these new pads are expected to begin next year. Work also continues on the addition of more steam capacity and on a diluent recovery unit to allow for greater independence between the SAGD and upgrader processes.
 Update on Production Guidance
 
Following the recent downtime at Buzzard and Yemen, production is expected to be at the low end of the company’s annual guidance range provided in November 2010. An update on guidance and our operations will be provided with the second quarter earnings release when we are further along completing the cooling upgrades at Buzzard. Later this year, production is expected to increase as Buzzard returns to full rates, Long Lake continues steaming of the reservoir and pad 11 ramps up, our nine-well shale gas program comes online, and our North Sea tie-backs at Telford and Blackbird are brought on-stream.
 
For further information on Appomattox resource disclosure, please refer to our press release dated September 27, 2010.
 




91516 7/17/2011 8/1/2011

Item 2. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (“AWI”) is a Pennsylvania corporation incorporated in 1891. When we refer to “we”, “our” and “us” in this report, we are referring to AWI and its subsidiaries.
This discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the accompanying notes included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements based on our current expectations, which are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties including, but not limited to, the factors set forth in our public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the risk factors identified in Item 1A of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2010. Actual results and the timing of certain events may differ significantly from those referred to in such forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation beyond what is required under applicable securities law to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect current or future events or circumstances, including those set forth in the section entitled “Uncertainties Affecting Forward-Looking Statements” and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q.
OVERVIEW
We are a leading global producer of flooring products and ceiling systems for use primarily in the construction and renovation of residential, commercial and institutional buildings. Through our United States (“U.S.”) operations and U.S. and international subsidiaries, we design, manufacture and sell flooring products (primarily resilient and wood) and ceiling systems (primarily mineral fiber, fiberglass and metal) around the world. We also design, manufacture and sell kitchen and bathroom cabinets in the U.S. As of June 30, 2011 we operated 31 manufacturing plants in seven countries, including 20 plants located throughout the U.S.
Reportable Segments
Building Products — produces suspended mineral fiber, soft fiber and metal ceiling systems for use in commercial, institutional, and residential settings. In addition, our Building Products segment sources complementary ceiling products. Our products, which are sold worldwide, are available in numerous colors, performance characteristics and designs, and offer attributes such as acoustical control, rated fire protection and aesthetic appeal. Commercial ceiling materials and accessories are sold to ceiling systems contractors and to resale distributors. Residential ceiling products are sold in North America primarily to wholesalers and retailers (including large home centers). Suspension system (grid) products manufactured by Worthington Armstrong Venture (“WAVE”) are sold by both Armstrong and our WAVE joint venture.
Resilient Flooring — produces and sources a broad range of floor coverings primarily for homes and commercial and institutional buildings. Manufactured products in this segment include vinyl sheet, vinyl tile and linoleum flooring. In addition, our Resilient Flooring segment sources and sells laminate flooring products, ceramic tile products, adhesives, installation and maintenance materials and accessories. Resilient Flooring products are offered in a wide variety of types, designs, and colors. We sell these products worldwide to wholesalers, large home centers, retailers, contractors and to the manufactured homes industry.
Wood Flooring — produces and sources wood flooring products for use in new residential construction and renovation, with some commercial applications in stores, restaurants and high-end offices. The product offering includes pre-finished solid and engineered wood floors in various wood species, and related accessories. Virtually all of our Wood Flooring sales are in North America. Our Wood Flooring products are generally sold to independent wholesale flooring distributors and large home centers. Our products are principally sold under the brand names Bruce®, Hartco®, Robbins®, Timberland®, Armstrong®, HomerWood® and Capella®.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(dollar amounts in millions)
Cabinets — produces kitchen and bathroom cabinetry and related products, which are used primarily in the U.S. residential new construction and renovation markets. Through our system of Company-owned and independent distribution centers and through direct sales to builders, our Cabinets segment provides design, fabrication and installation services to single and multi-family homebuilders, remodelers and consumers under the Armstrong® brand name. All of Cabinets’ sales are in the U.S.
We also report an Unallocated Corporate segment, which includes assets, liabilities, income and expenses that have not been allocated to the business units.
See Note 2 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional financial information on our consolidated company and our reportable segments.
Factors Affecting Revenues
Markets. We compete in building material markets around the world. The majority of our sales are in North America and Europe. During the second quarter of 2011, these markets experienced the following:
 	•	 	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, in the second quarter of 2011 housing starts in the U.S. residential market fell 4.4% compared to the second quarter of 2010 to 0.58 million units. Housing completions in the U.S. declined 30.3% year over year in the second quarter of 2011 with approximately 0.54 million units completed. The National Association of Realtors indicated that sales of existing homes declined 12.7% year over year to 4.86 million units in the second quarter of 2011.
 			
 	•	 	According to the U.S. Census Bureau, for the value of new construction put in place, the rate of decline in the North American key commercial market, in nominal dollar terms, was 6% in the second quarter of 2011 compared to the same period in 2010. Construction activity in the office, healthcare, retail and education segments declined 12%, 1%, 4% and 6%, respectively, in the second quarter of 2011 year over year.
 			
 	•	 	Markets in Western European countries generally experienced continued declines, while Eastern European markets grew.
 			
 	•	 	Overall the Pacific Rim experienced growth with strong markets in China and India, partially offset by declines in Australia as a result of reduced government stimulus spending.
Pricing Initiatives. We periodically modify prices in response to changes in costs for raw materials and energy, and to market conditions and the competitive environment. In certain cases, realized price increases are less than the announced price increases because of competitive reactions and changing market conditions. We estimate that prior pricing actions increased our second quarter total consolidated net sales by approximately $17 million and in the first six months of 2011 by approximately $34 million, when compared to the same periods of 2010.
Year-to-date we took the following pricing actions:
 	•	 	Building Products announced price increases for ceiling tile and grid in the Americas effective February 2011, again for grid effective April 2011, and additional increases for ceiling tiles and grid effective in August 2011. In Europe we announced price increases for ceiling tile effective March 2011, for grid effective April 2011, and again for ceiling tiles effective August 2011. We also announced price increases in Asia for both ceiling tile and grid effective March 2011.
 			
 	•	 	Resilient Flooring announced a price increase in Europe effective January 2011, in the Americas effective February 2011, again in the Americas effective June 2011, and again in Europe effective July 2011.
 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(dollar amounts in millions)
 	•	 	Cabinets announced a price increase effective February 2011.
If raw material prices continue at, or rise from, current levels additional pricing actions may be announced.
Mix Each of our businesses offers a wide assortment of products that are differentiated by style and design and by performance attributes. Pricing and margins for products within the assortment vary. Changes in the relative quantity of products purchased at the different price points can affect year-to-year comparisons of net sales and operating income. We estimate mix improvements increased our second quarter total consolidated net sales by approximately $14 million and in the first six months of 2011 by $20 million when compared to the same periods of 2010.
Factors Affecting Operating Costs
Operating Expenses. Our operating expenses are comprised of direct production costs (principally raw materials, labor and energy), manufacturing overhead costs, freight, costs to purchase sourced products and selling, general, and administrative (“SG&A”) expenses.
Our largest individual raw material expenditures are for lumber and veneers, PVC resins and plasticizers. Natural gas is also a significant input cost. Fluctuations in the prices of these inputs are generally beyond our control and have a direct impact on our financial results. In the second quarter and first six months of 2011 these input costs decreased operating income by approximately $18 million and $32 million respectively when compared to the same periods of 2010.
We are committed to augmenting margin expansion through further cost elimination. Through the aggressive application of LEAN practices and projects to our manufacturing activities and to standardize, simplify and eliminate SG&A programs and policies, we are seeking to remove at least $165 million of manufacturing and SG&A costs by 2013. Toward this end, in 2010 we achieved $35 million of cost savings associated with such program, and expect to deliver another $90 million in savings in 2011, and another $40 million during 2012. We recorded expenses of approximately $10 million for these initiatives in the second quarter of 2011 and $25 million during the first six months of 2011. During the first quarter of 2011, we announced the idling of a Wood Flooring manufacturing plant in North Carolina effective April 30, 2011. We will continue to evaluate the efficiency of our manufacturing footprint in the U.S. and Europe. The charges associated with our cost reduction initiatives may include severance and related termination benefits, fixed asset write-downs, asset impairments and accelerated depreciation and could be material to our financial statements. Even if we achieve these targeted savings, there is no assurance that our net operating results in the future will improve by this amount. As indicated in our discussion of risk factors, our business is subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.
Employees
As of June 30, 2011, we had approximately 9,300 full-time and part-time employees worldwide. This compares to approximately 9,800 employees as of December 31, 2010. The decline was primarily due to headcount reductions in our U.S. and European Flooring operations and our corporate operations.
During the first quarter of 2011, we reached collective bargaining agreements with unions representing employees at two plants. On July 17, 2011, we declared a lockout of the unionized employees at our building products plant located in Marietta, Pennsylvania. The lockout covers approximately 260 workers and stems from the lack of a new ratified contract to replace the previous labor contract that expired on June 1, 2011. The lockout is expected to continue until a new contract is ratified by the union. During the remainder of 2011, collective bargaining agreements covering approximately 500 employees at two plants are scheduled to expire.
Unless otherwise indicated, net sales in these results of operations are reported based upon the location where the sale was made. Please refer to Note 2 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a reconciliation of operating income to consolidated earnings before income taxes.
2011 COMPARED TO 2010
CONSOLIDATED RESULTS
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	2011	 	 	2010	 	 	Change is Favorable	 
Three months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Net sales:	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Americas	 	$	533.4	 	 	$	525.2	 	 	 	1.6	%
Europe	 	 	155.6	 	 	 	147.6	 	 	 	5.4	%
Pacific Rim	 	 	59.6	 	 	 	52.0	 	 	 	14.6	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total consolidated net sales	 	$	748.6	 	 	$	724.8	 	 	 	3.3	%
Operating income	 	$	72.7	 	 	$	52.9	 	 	 	37.4	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Six months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Net sales:	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Americas	 	$	1,023.6	 	 	$	996.4	 	 	 	2.7	%
Europe	 	 	301.9	 	 	 	296.3	 	 	 	1.9	%
Pacific Rim	 	 	108.3	 	 	 	91.0	 	 	 	19.0	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total consolidated net sales	 	$	1,433.8	 	 	$	1,383.7	 	 	 	3.6	%
Operating income	 	$	124.8	 	 	$	66.3	 	 	 	88.2	%
Consolidated net sales increased approximately 3% in the second quarter and first six months of 2011 as volume declines were offset by improved price, mix and favorable foreign exchange impact of approximately $24 million for the quarter and approximately $29 million for the first half of 2011.
Net sales in the Americas increased approximately 2% in the second quarter as lower volumes were more than offset by improved mix and price. Net sales in the Americas increased approximately 3% in the first six months as strong mix and price overcame volume declines in the Resilient business.
Net sales in the European markets grew approximately 5% in the second quarter on favorable foreign exchange of approximately $17 million combined with favorable mix and price, offset by volume declines. Similarly, net sales grew approximately 2% in the first six months of 2011 on favorable foreign exchange of approximately $15 million combined with favorable price, offset by volume declines.
Net sales in the Pacific Rim increased primarily due to volume growth in both periods and favorable foreign exchange of approximately $5 million for the second quarter and approximately $8 million for the first six months of 2011.
Cost of goods sold in the second quarter of 2011 was 75.3% of net sales, compared to 76.5% for the same period in 2010. Cost of goods sold in the first six months of 2011 was 75.9% of net sales, compared to 77.1% for the same period in 2010. The percentage decrease was primarily the result of reductions in manufacturing costs.
SG&A expenses in the second quarter of 2011 were $122.2 million or 16.3% of net sales and in the first six months of 2011 were $242.3, or 16.9% of net sales compared to $131.8 million, or 18.2% of net sales, and $275.3, or 19.9% of net sales for the corresponding periods in 2010. The decreases were due to reductions in core SG&A expenses. In addition 2010 was impacted by $11.2 million of separation costs for our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer which were recorded in the first quarter of 2010 and a $6.1 million asset impairment charge related to the termination of our flight operations, half of which was recorded in the first quarter of 2010 with the remainder recorded in the second quarter of 2010. We also recorded an asset impairment charge of $2.1 million in the second quarter of 2010 for a European warehouse facility due to the decline in the commercial property sector.
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
(dollar amounts in millions)
Equity earnings from our WAVE joint venture were $12.6 million for the second quarter of 2011 compared to $14.3 million in the second quarter of 2010, and $29.0 million for the first six months of 2011 compared to $25.4 million in first six months of 2010. See Note 7 for further information.
Interest expense was $11.5 million for the second quarter of 2011 compared to $4.0 million in the second quarter of 2010. Interest expense was $26.3 million in the first six months of 2011 compared to $7.9 million in first six months of 2010. Higher expense in both periods were primarily due to the fourth quarter 2010 refinancing of our debt which increased outstanding debt balances and interest rates compared to our previous credit facility.
Income tax expense was $23.3 million and $22.6 million for the second quarter of 2011 and 2010, respectively. The effective tax rate for the second quarter of 2011 was 38.1% as compared to a rate of 45.7% for the same period of 2010. The effective tax rate for 2011 was lower than 2010 due to the partial release of state valuation allowances based on our projected ability to utilize the deferred tax assets to offset future taxable income.
Income tax expense was $47.4 million and $52.2 million for the first six months of 2011 and 2010, respectively. The effective tax rate for the first six months of 2011 was 48.0% versus 87.6% for the same period of 2010. The effective tax rate for the first six months of 2011 was lower than the first six months of 2010 due to the enactment of the healthcare reform legislation in March 2010. The release of the valuation allowance in the second quarter of 2011 offset an increase in the valuation allowance in the first quarter of 2011.
REPORTABLE SEGMENT RESULTS
Building Products
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	2011	 	 	2010	 	 	Change is Favorable	 
Three months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Net sales:	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Americas	 	$	181.7	 	 	$	177.0	 	 	 	2.7	%
Europe	 	 	88.6	 	 	 	76.7	 	 	 	15.5	%
Pacific Rim	 	 	34.7	 	 	 	30.7	 	 	 	13.0	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	305.0	 	 	$	284.4	 	 	 	7.2	%
Operating income	 	$	57.1	 	 	$	53.0	 	 	 	7.7	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Six months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Net sales:	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Americas	 	$	367.8	 	 	$	339.0	 	 	 	8.5	%
Europe	 	 	179.3	 	 	 	159.6	 	 	 	12.3	%
Pacific Rim	 	 	64.8	 	 	 	53.7	 	 	 	20.7	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	611.9	 	 	$	552.3	 	 	 	10.8	%
Operating income	 	$	118.6	 	 	$	95.7	 	 	 	23.9	%
Net sales in the Americas increased in the second quarter and first six months primarily due to improved pricing and product mix offset by lower volume in the second quarter.
Net sales in Europe increased in the second quarter on favorable foreign exchange of approximately $9 million combined with favorable mix and price, offset slightly by reduced volumes. Net sales in Europe increased in the first half of the year on favorable foreign exchange of approximately $9 million combined with favorable pricing and increased volumes.
Net sales in the Pacific Rim increased in the second quarter on increased volumes and favorable foreign exchange of approximately $3 million, offset slightly by unfavorable mix. Net sales in the Pacific Rim increased in the first half of the year on increased volumes and favorable foreign exchange of approximately $4 million offset by unfavorable mix.
Operating income increased for the second quarter as price offset inflation and improvements in mix and reduced manufacturing costs were offset slightly by lower volumes. Operating income increased in the first half of 2011 as improvements in price, volume and mix, and reduced manufacturing costs, were partially offset by inflation.
Resilient Flooring
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	Change is Favorable/	 
 	 	2011	 	 	2010	 	 	(Unfavorable)	 
Three months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Net sales:	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Americas	 	$	182.8	 	 	$	183.8	 	 	 	(0.5	)%
Europe	 	 	67.0	 	 	 	70.9	 	 	 	(5.5	)%
Pacific Rim	 	 	24.9	 	 	 	21.3	 	 	 	16.9	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	274.7	 	 	$	276.0	 	 	 	(0.5	)%
Operating income	 	$	11.3	 	 	$	10.0	 	 	 	13	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Six months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Net sales:	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Americas	 	$	343.3	 	 	$	334.6	 	 	 	2.6	%
Europe	 	 	122.6	 	 	 	136.7	 	 	 	(10.3	)%
Pacific Rim	 	 	43.5	 	 	 	37.3	 	 	 	16.6	%
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	509.4	 	 	$	508.6	 	 	 	0.2	%
Operating income	 	$	10.0	 	 	$	4.8	 	 	Favorable	 
Net sales in the Americas were flat in the second quarter as reduced volumes were mostly offset by improvements in mix and price. Net sales in the Americas increased slightly in the first half of year as improved mix and price were somewhat offset by reduced volumes.
Net sales declines in the European markets for both periods reflects the volume reductions related to the restructuring of our European flooring business which included the exit of the residential flooring business and simplifying our country and product offerings. Excluding the impact of these actions, in both periods year over year volumes in the European markets showed slight improvement. Net sales in the second quarter of 2011 benefitted from favorable foreign exchange of approximately $8 million and net sales in the first half of 2011 benefitted from favorable foreign exchange of approximately $7 million.
Net sales in the Pacific Rim increased in the second quarter due to favorable foreign exchange of approximately $2 million and higher volumes and mix. Net sales in the Pacific Rim increased in the first half of the year on strong volumes and favorable foreign exchange of approximately $4 million.
Operating income improved for the second quarter and first six months of 2011 compared to the same periods in 2010. Operating income in the second quarter and first half of 2011 included $5.9 million and $14.3 million, respectively, of severance and restructuring related costs in Europe, while the second quarter of 2010 included a $2.1 million fixed asset impairment charge. In both periods reduced manufacturing costs, improved price and reductions in SG&A expenses offset volume declines and raw material inflation.
 Operating income includes losses related to European Resilient Flooring as outlined in the table below:
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	Three Months Ended	 	 	Six Months Ended	 
 	 	June 30,	 	 	June 30,	 
 	 	2011	 	 	2010	 	 	2011	 	 	2010	 
Resilient Flooring Europe operating loss	 	$	(6.6	)	 	$	(7.2	)	 	$	(18.2	)	 	$	(14.3	)
Wood Flooring
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	Change is Favorable/	 
 	 	2011	 	 	2010	 	 	(Unfavorable)	 
Three months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	133.6	 	 	$	127.2	 	 	 	5.0	%
Operating income	 	$	13.4	 	 	$	1.1	 	 	Favorable	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Six months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	244.6	 	 	$	251.5	 	 	 	(2.7	)%
Operating income (loss)	 	$	16.9	 	 	$	(0.5	)	 	Favorable	 
Net sales increased in the second quarter as price, volume and mix were all positive contributors. Net sales for the first half of the year decreased as modest improvements in price and mix were offset by significant first quarter volume declines in US residential markets.
Operating income increased in both periods due to reduced manufacturing and SG&A costs and improved price. The first half of 2011 was negatively impacted by reductions in volume and increased inflation which partially offset the factors above.
Cabinets
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	Change is Favorable/	 
 	 	2011	 	 	2010	 	 	(Unfavorable)	 
Three months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	35.3	 	 	$	37.2	 	 	 	(5.1	)%
Operating income (loss)	 	$	0.8	 	 	$	(0.4	)	 	Favorable	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Six months ended June 30	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total segment net sales	 	$	67.9	 	 	$	71.3	 	 	 	(4.8	)%
Operating (loss)	 	 	—	 	 	$	(4.3	)	 	Favorable	 
Net sales decreased for the second quarter and first six months of 2011 compared to the same periods in 2010 primarily due to unfavorable mix.
Operating income for both periods improved primarily due to reduced SG&A expenses which were partially offset by unfavorable product mix.
Unallocated Corporate
Unallocated corporate expense of $9.9 million in the second quarter of 2011 and $20.7 million for the first six months decreased from $10.8 million and $29.4 million, respectively, in the prior year. The second quarter and first six months of 2011 included a $6.2 million and $12.4 million lower pension credit as compared to 2010. The second quarter of 2010 included a $3.0 million impairment charge related to the termination of our flight operations. The first six months of 2010 included $11.2 million of severance and related expenses to reflect the separation costs for our former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and a $6.1 million of asset impairment charge related to the termination of our flight operations. After consideration of these items corporate expenses declined in both 2011 periods due to lower headcount and professional services spending.
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY
Cash Flow
Operating activities for the first six months of 2011 provided $32.1 million of cash, a decrease of $24.1 million from the $56.2 million of cash provided for the first six months of 2010. The decrease was primarily due to a 2011 increase in inventories (compared to a decrease in 2010) and $14.0 million in restructuring payments, partially offset by increased net earnings.
Net cash used for investing activities was $22.7 million for the first six months of 2011, compared to $2.7 million provided by investing activities in the first six months of 2010. This change was primarily due to higher purchases of property, plant and equipment in 2011 and 2010 proceeds from the sale of a European metal ceilings manufacturing facility.
Net cash used for financing activities was $29.7 million for the first six months of 2011, compared to $18.2 million used during the first six months of 2010. Net cash used in 2011 was impacted by $25.0 million of payments on our revolving credit facility and refinancing costs of $7.8 million. Net cash used in 2010 was impacted by payments of long-term debt of $19.5 million and the purchase of the 20% non-controlling interest in our Shanghai ceilings operations for $7.8 million.
Liquidity
Our liquidity needs for operations vary throughout the year. We retain lines of credit to facilitate our seasonal needs. On November 23, 2010, we executed a $1.05 billion senior credit facility arranged by Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc., J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc., and Barclays Capital. This facility consists of a $250 million revolving credit facility (with a $150 million sublimit for letters of credit), a $250 million Term Loan A and a $550 million Term Loan B. The facility is secured by U.S. personal property, the capital stock of material U.S. subsidiaries, and a pledge of 65% of the stock of our material first tier foreign subsidiaries.
On March 10, 2011 we entered into an amendment pursuant to which the following changes were effected with respect to Term Loan B:
 	•	 	The applicable margin for borrowings under Term Loan B was reduced (i) to 2.00% from 2.50% with respect to base rate borrowings and (ii) to 3.00% from 3.50% with respect to LIBOR borrowings;
 			
 	•	 	The minimum interest rate for borrowings under Term Loan B was reduced from 1.50% to 1.00%; and
 			
 	•	 	The maturity date for Term Loan B was extended from May 23, 2017 to March 10, 2018. Until maturity, quarterly amortization payments on Term Loan B will continue in an amount equal to 0.25% of the original principal amount of Term Loan B
In connection with the amendment to Term Loan B, we paid a $5.5 million prepayment premium (representing one percent of the principal amount of Term Loan B; this amount was capitalized and is being amortized into interest expense over the life of the loan) and paid approximately $1.6 million of fees to third parties (banks, attorneys, etc.).
The senior credit facility includes two financial covenants that require the ratio of consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) to consolidated cash interest expense minus cash consolidated interest income (“consolidated interest coverage ratio”) to be greater than or equal to 3.0 to 1.0 and require the ratio of consolidated funded indebtedness minus AWI and domestic subsidiary unrestricted cash and cash equivalents up to $100 million to consolidated EBITDA (“consolidated leverage ratio”) to be less than or equal to 4.5 to 1.0 through June 30, 2012, 4.0 to 1.0
after June 30, 2012 through September 30, 2013 and 3.75 to 1.0 after September 30, 2013. We believe that default under these covenants is unlikely. Fully borrowing under our revolving credit facility would not violate these covenants. During the first six months of 2011 we were in compliance with all covenants of the credit agreement.
The Revolving Credit and Term Loan A portions are currently priced at a spread of 3.00% over LIBOR and the Term Loan B portion (as amended) is priced at 3.00% over LIBOR with a 1.00% LIBOR floor for its entire term. The Term Loan A and Term Loan B were both fully drawn and are currently priced on a variable interest rate basis. On March 31, 2011 we entered into two interest rate swaps, on our Term Loan A and Term Loan B, with notional amounts of $100 million and $200 million, respectively, which mature in November 2015. Under the terms of the Term Loan A swap, we receive 3-month LIBOR and pay a fixed rate over the hedged period. Under the terms of the Term Loan B swap, we receive the greater of 3-month LIBOR or the 1% LIBOR Floor and pay a fixed rate over the hedged period. These swaps are designated as cash flow hedges to hedge against changes in LIBOR for a portion of our variable rate debt. The unpaid balances of Term Loan A, the Revolving Credit and Term Loan B of the credit facility may be prepaid without penalty at the maturity of their respective interest reset periods. Any amounts prepaid on the Term Loan A or Term Loan B may not be re-borrowed.
Mandatory prepayments are required under the senior credit facility pursuant to an annual leverage test starting with the year ending December 31, 2011 under which, if our consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 2.0 to 1.0, but less than 2.5 to 1.0, we would be required to make a prepayment of 25% of Consolidated Excess Cash Flow as defined by the credit agreement. If our consolidated leverage ratio is greater than 2.5 to 1.0, the prepayment amount would be 50% of Consolidated Excess Cash Flow.
As of June 30, 2011, we had $304.6 million of cash and cash equivalents, $212.8 million in the U.S. and $91.8 million in various foreign jurisdictions.
Our current debt rating from S&P is BB- (negative) and from Moody’s is B1 (stable).
On December 10, 2010 we established a $100 million Receivables Securitization Program. AWI and its subsidiary, Armstrong Hardwood Flooring Company, sold their U.S. receivables to Armstrong Receivables Company LLC (“ARC”), a Delaware entity that is consolidated in these financial statements. ARC financed those receivables through Credit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, with a maximum commitment of $100 million. In addition to the financing of receivables by Credit Agricole, under the documentation establishing the program, Credit Agricole may also issue letters of credit at the request of ARC. The purchase and letter of credit commitments under the program expire in December 2013, subject to possible extensions thereafter.
On December 16, 2010 we issued $35.0 million of Recovery Zone Facility bonds through Jackson County, West Virginia to finance the construction of our new mineral wool plant. These tax exempt bonds are seven day variable rate demand notes backed by a letter of credit. These bonds mature in 2041. As of June 30, 2011 the $26.4 million of unspent proceeds must be used for expenditures related to the construction of our new mineral wool plant and are therefore accounted for as restricted cash within other non-current assets.
On June 30, 2011 we had outstanding letters of credit totaling $68.6 million, of which $19.4 million was issued under the revolving credit facility, $48.7 million was issued under the securitization facility ($36.2 million of which related to the West Virginia bond issue) and $0.5 million was issued by other banks of international subsidiaries. Letters of credit are issued to third party suppliers, insurance and financial institutions and typically can only be drawn upon in the event of AWI’s failure to pay its obligations to the beneficiary.
 
	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	As of June 30, 2011	 
Foreign Financing Arrangements	 	Limit	 	 	Used	 	 	Available	 
Lines of credit available for borrowing	 	$	23.8	 	 	 	—	 	 	$	23.8	 
Lines of credit available for letters of credit	 	 	2.6	 	 	$	1.0	 	 	 	1.6	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total	 	$	26.4	 	 	$	1.0	 	 	$	25.4	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
These lines of credit are uncommitted, and poor operating results or credit concerns at the related foreign subsidiaries could result in the lines being withdrawn by the lenders. We have been able to maintain and, as needed, replace credit facilities to support our foreign operations.
During the past year our Board of Directors has approved the construction of a U.S. mineral wool plant to supply our Building Products plants, the allocation of capital to double our Building Products production capacity in China, and the construction of two China flooring plants. Total capital spending for these projects is currently projected to be $175 to $200 million and will be incurred over several years, with most of the spending occurring in 2011 and 2012.
We believe that cash on hand and cash generated from operations, together with lines of credit, availability under our securitization program, and the availability under the $250 million revolving credit facility, will be adequate to address our foreseeable liquidity needs based on current expectations of our business operations, capital expenditures and scheduled payments of debt obligations.
Recently issued accounting standards
In June 2011 the Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) issued new guidance which is now part of Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 220: “Presentation of Comprehensive Income”. The new guidance will require companies to present the components of net income and other comprehensive income either as one continuous statement or as two consecutive statements. It eliminates the option to present components of other comprehensive income as part of the statement of changes in stockholders’ equity. The standard does not change the items which must be reported in other comprehensive income. These provisions are to be applied retrospectively and will be effective for us as of January 1, 2012. Because this guidance impacts presentation only, it will have no effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.
86341 7/28/2011 8/4/2011
OUTLOOK 
Operations were impacted during the first half of the year by a number of factors, which would in themselves have led annual production to the lower end of initial guidance of 4.55Moz to 4.75Moz. These include flooding at Sunrise Dam, the decision to stop mining the shaft pillar at TauTona for safety reasons, drought at Cripple Creek & Victor which impacted optimal functioning of the leach pad and lower-than-anticipated grades at Siguiri. As a result of the operational impacts as outlined above and the strike in South Africa at the end of July, the year guidance is being revised to around 4.45Moz. The lower production, along with higher fuel prices and stronger local operating currencies in Brazil and South Africa result in total cash cost guidance of $725/oz-$740/oz, This assumes an oil price of $114/barrel and average exchange rate of R6.83/$ and equivalent Australian dollar and Brazilian real rates. Third quarter production is expected to be around 1.11Moz at a total cash cost of $775/oz. This assumes an oil price of $115/barrel and average exchange rate of R6.75/$ and equivalent Australian dollar and Brazilian real rates.


84083 7/28/2011 8/2/2011

Harmony and Unions agree to two year wage  agreement
Johannesburg. Tuesday, 2 August 2011. Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited (‘Harmony’ or ‘the Company’) is pleased to announce that it has signed a two year wage agreement with the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), Solidarity and UASA (collectively referred to as the “Unions”) today. The increases agreed to are:

Minimum wages at entry level: 10% Category 5 to 8 employees: 8.5% Miners, artisans and officials:   7.5%

The wage agreement between Harmony and the Unions also include a profit share scheme, in which all employees in the bargaining unit will share on a quarterly basis. The profit share will be based on 1% of operating profits less capital expenditure from the Company’s South African assets.

Employees who participated in the strike will return to work later today. The Company estimates that approximately 500kg of production was lost during the strike.

Graham Briggs, chief executive officer, commented: “It has been a tough negotiation process, but we have managed to reach agreement and avoid a protracted strike. We wish to thank the Unions for their understanding and also partnering with us in creating a sustainable mining industry.”
 

Issued by Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited





84083 7/28/2011 8/15/2011 
Looking ahead
Post year-end, following a five day strike, Harmony signed a two year wage agreement with the National Union of Mineworkers (NUM), Solidarity and UASA (collectively referred to as the “Unions”) on the 2nd of August 2011. The increase in wages will be off-set by improvements in productivity aimed at the more effective utilization of our mining assets. Approximately 500kg of production was lost due to the strike.The wage agreement between Harmony and the Unions also includes a profit share scheme in which all employees in the bargaining unit will share on a quarterly basis. The profit share will be based on 1% of operating profits less capital expenditure from the company’s South African assets. We look forward to having the Unions as our partners in creating a sustainable mining industry.Financial year 2011 was filled with great achievements. We have improved our safety rates, secured excellent exploration results, continue to build up our operations and future production potential and certain operations have generated free operational cash flow. Financial year 2012 promises to be equally exciting. We remain focussed on continuing to deliver on our long term targets and to maximise shareholder value.?


65875 8/7/2011 8/7/2011
Verizon: CWA and IBEW Break Off Contract Negotiations, Call Strike
2011-08-07 04:44:13 UTC
NEW YORK, Aug. 7, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Verizon's attempts to reach a constructive new contract with two unions representing the company's wireline employees in the Northeast and Mid-Atlantic states were unsuccessful, and union leaders announced a decision to call a strike. In anticipation of this development, Verizon has activated a contingency plan to ensure customers experience limited disruption in service during this time.
Verizon has trained tens of thousands of management employees, retirees and others to fill the roles and responsibilities of its union-represented wireline workers. As part of the company's business continuity plan, these individuals will be reporting to their emergency work assignments, as scheduled, and will continue to provide customers with high-quality support and assistance throughout the duration of the union strike.
"We are confident that we have the talent and resources in place to meet the needs and demands of our customers," said Marc C. Reed, Verizon's executive vice-president of human resources. "It's regrettable for our employees and our customers that the Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers have decided to walk away from the table instead of continuing to work through the issues. We will continue to do our part to reach a new contract that reflects today's economic realities in our wireline business and addresses the needs of all parties. It's also our intent that under a new contract, Verizon employees will continue to receive competitive pay and benefit programs."
Verizon Wireless customers and services remain unaffected by this job action.
Customers with billing, service or other questions can find assistance at www.verizon.com. For more information on Verizon's bargaining positions, go to www.verizonbargainingfacts.com


65875 8/7/2011 8/20/2011
Verizon's Striking Union-Represented Employees to Return to Work
2011-08-20 17:00:10 UTC
NEW YORK, Aug. 20, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Verizon Communications today announced that its 45,000 wireline employees in nine Northeastern states and the District of Columbia who are represented by the CWA and IBEW will return to work beginning Monday night, Aug. 22, without new collective bargaining agreements.
Verizon and the unions have made headway in negotiating a number of local and regional issues, and the parties have agreed on a process for moving forward to negotiate the major issues regarding benefits, cost structure, work flexibility and job security.
Verizon said the wireline employees now on strike would be working under the terms of the contracts that expired on Saturday, Aug. 6. The contracts will be extended with no specific deadline for achieving new collective bargaining agreements so that the parties can take the time required to resolve the critical issues.
Marc Reed, Verizon's executive vice president of human resources, said, "We agreed to end the strike because we believe that is in the best interest of our customers and our employees. We remain committed to our objectives, and we look forward to negotiating the important issues that are integral to the future health of Verizon's wireline business."
He added: "We are grateful to our management team for their leadership during the past 14 days in so ably meeting the needs of our customers. The team's competence, dedication and hard work enabled us to withstand the strike without significant disruption to customer service, and to convince the unions to begin bargaining with us in good faith. The fortitude and efforts of our managers have proven to be our strongest point of leverage in bargaining. We are pleased that during this stressful economic period our union-represented employees will be back at work earning good wages and benefits while serving our customers."
With its union-represented employees back at work, Verizon plans to quickly address any backlog in repairs and unfulfilled requests for service.


93098 9/8/2011 9/8/2011
Business as Usual at Hyatt Hotels
2011-09-08 22:37:03 UTC
CHICAGO--(BUSINESS WIRE)--September 08, 2011--
Hyatt hotels continue to operate normally today, and our guests are enjoying the authentic hospitality they have come to know and expect. We are gratified that so many of our employees came into work today, in spite of efforts by leaders of UniteHere to organize work stoppages in Chicago, Los Angeles, San Francisco and Waikiki.
We are particularly grateful that in Los Angeles, our employees chose not to go on strike at Hyatt Regency Century Plaza, in spite of pressure to do so from UniteHere leadership. During these difficult economic times, we know that our employees want to work, which is shown by so many of them who have told us that they want the union to end these drawn-out negotiations.
"Many of our associates have told us today that they are supporting our efforts to reach a settlement," said Farley Kern, vice-president, Corporate Communications, Hyatt Hotels Corp. "Our general managers have heard many positive reactions, such as, 'Hyatt has been good to me, and I will always show up for Hyatt.'
"We wish that the union leaders had settled these contracts, so our associates could have been spared a work stoppage that has nothing to do with their wages and benefits. We are anxious to award increases to our hard working employees."
Hyatt knows that our employees want the contract negotiations to be resolved as much as we do. It is unfortunate that union leaders have rejected the same wage and benefits package they already accepted from Hilton, Starwood and InterContinental. Our associates have earned and deserve these wage and benefit increases, and we hope that UniteHere will either accept them or return to the bargaining table to complete negotiations, rather than continuing to hold up negotiations in an effort to organize certain non-union hotels.
Hyatt provides our associates with industry-leading wages and benefits, and we want the chance to offer our associates the raises and increased benefits that they have earned.


81774 9/15/2011 9/21/2011

Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. Announces Impacts from PT-FI Labor Strike
 
PHOENIX, AZ, September 21, 2011 — Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. (NYSE: FCX) is providing this update on the status of PT Freeport Indonesia’s (PT-FI) Grasberg operations in Papua, Indonesia following a labor strike which began on September 15, 2011.
     PT-FI is negotiating a two-year extension of its bi-annual Collective Labor Agreement which is scheduled for renewal on September 30, 2011. On September 15, 2011, PT-FI’s union workforce, which includes approximately 8,000 hourly employees, commenced a 30-day strike. There is no legal basis for the strike under Indonesian law.
     PT-FI is committed to work in good faith with union leaders and representatives of the mediation team appointed by the Government of Indonesia to reach agreement on the new labor agreement and to restore normal operations. The compensation package being proposed by PT-FI is highly competitive and includes a substantial increase in base compensation, an enhanced bonus program, attractive retirement benefits and other benefits for the employees and their families.
     The strike has limited mining, milling and concentrate shipping activities at PT-FI. Approximately 50% of the workforce, primarily contractors and non-union staff employees, have reported to work and are maintaining critical operations so that full operations can resume quickly upon conclusion of the strike. PT-FI is developing revised operating plans, which will be implemented during the strike, to begin increasing mining and milling rates with a reduced workforce.
     The estimated impact of the work stoppage to aggregate daily production, including joint venture interests, approximates 3 million pounds of copper and 5 thousand ounces of gold for each day of the work stoppage. PT-FI is seeking to minimize the production and cost impacts associated with the strike.
     FCX’s consolidated third quarter sales estimates, reported in July 2011, of 940 million pounds of copper and 415 thousand ounces of gold are expected to be unfavorably impacted by the strike. FCX will provide updated estimates as additional information becomes available about the duration of the strike and PT-FI’s mitigation efforts, including the effect of revised operating plans.
     James R. Moffett, Chairman of the Board and Richard C. Adkerson, President and Chief Executive Officer, said, “The PT-FI management team continues to work diligently and constructively to reach agreement on a new labor agreement that is reasonable and fair to all parties. In 2010, the contribution from Grasberg to the Government of Indonesia and the local community, including taxes and domestic wages and procurement totaled more than $3.8 billion. We are committed to maintaining an attractive work environment for our employees and look forward to concluding the negotiations on a mutually agreed basis as soon as possible.”
     FCX is a leading international mining company with headquarters in Phoenix, Arizona. FCX operates large, long-lived, geographically diverse assets with significant proven and probable reserves of copper, gold and molybdenum. FCX has a dynamic portfolio of operating, expansion and growth projects in the copper industry and is the world’s largest producer of molybdenum.
      The company’s portfolio of assets includes the Grasberg minerals district, the world’s largest copper and gold mine in terms of recoverable reserves; significant mining operations in the Americas, including the large-scale Morenci and Safford minerals districts in North America and the Cerro Verde and El Abra operations in South America; and the Tenke Fungurume minerals district in the DRC. Additional information about FCX is available on FCX’s website at “www.fcx.com.”
Cautionary Statement. This press release contains forward-looking statements in which FCX discusses its potential future performance. Forward-looking statements are all statements other than statements of historical facts, such as those statements regarding projected ore grades and milling rates, projected production and sales volumes, projected unit net cash costs, projected operating cash flows, projected capital expenditures, exploration efforts and results, mine production and development plans, liquidity, other financial commitments and tax rates, the impact of copper, gold, molybdenum and cobalt price changes, potential prepayments of debt, future dividend payments and potential share purchases. The words “anticipates,” “may,” “can,” “plans,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “projects,” “intends,” “likely,” “will,” “should,” “to be,” and any similar expressions are intended to identify those assertions as forward-looking statements.
     FCX cautions readers that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and its actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, projected or assumed in the forward-looking statements. Important factors that can cause FCX’s actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements include commodity prices, mine sequencing, production rates, industry risks, regulatory changes, political risks, the potential effects of violence in Indonesia, the resolution of administrative disputes in the Democratic Republic of Congo, weather-related risks, labor relations, including the resolution of labor negotiations in Indonesia, environmental risks, litigation results, currency translation risks and other factors described in more detail under the heading “Risk Factors” in FCX’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as updated by our subsequent filings with the SEC.
     Investors are cautioned that many of the assumptions on which our forward-looking statements are based are likely to change after our forward-looking statements are made, including for example commodity prices, which we cannot control, and production volumes and costs, some aspects of which we may or may not be able to control. Further, we may make changes to our business plans that could or will affect our results. We caution investors that we do not intend to update our forward-looking statements notwithstanding any changes in our assumptions, changes in our business plans, our actual experience, or other changes, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements more frequently than quarterly.


27430 11/28/2011 11/28/2011

Cooper Tire announces labor action at its Findlay Plant
 
FINDLAY, OHIO, NOVEMBER 28, 2011 –COOPER TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY (NYSE: CTB) announced that, following repeated attempts to extend its recently expired contract or reach agreement on a new long-term contract with United Steelworkers  Local 207L (USW), the Company has communicated an immediate lockout of its Findlay plant unionized workforce to the USW.
 
At the onset and throughout negotiations which began nearly three months ago, Cooper made it clear to the USW that a competitive, cost-effective and timely agreement needed to be reached to avoid a risk to Cooper and its customers of simultaneous work stoppages in Findlay and Cooper's Texarkana, Arkansas manufacturing facility.  The Company advanced several options to avoid the contract overlap that is looming, including a last, best, and final proposal for a new long-term contract and an offer to extend the recently expired contract for an additional year with no change in terms.  The USW was unwilling to extend the contract more than 30 days, which would have placed the labor agreements at two of Cooper's major U.S. facilities even closer together.
 
Cooper plans to continue manufacturing operations at the Findlay facility with a temporary workforce during the lockout.  While certain production adjustments may be necessary in the short-term, Cooper will continue to supply its customers with the quality products they have come to expect.  Cooper is committed to making every effort to support its customers during this labor action.
 
Cooper is also committed to reaching an agreement with the USW that recognizes the realities of the tire industry while providing a competitive wage and benefit package for its employees.  Dates for future negotiations are currently being finalized.
 


27430 11/28/2011 12/2/2011
PRESS RELEASE: Cooper Tire provides update on labor negotiations at its Findlay Plant
2011-12-02 19:23:27 UTC
FINDLAY, OHIO, DECEMBER 2, 2011 - COOPER TIRE & RUBBER COMPANY (NYSE: CTB) announced that despite multiple attempts this week to extend the recently expired contract with the United Steelworkers Local 207L (USW), the union leadership continued to decline an extension. "Our first priority is to get our employees back on the job so they can continue earning a fair wage and benefits," said Chris Ostrander, President of North America Operations. "We offered to extend the agreement with no change in the existing terms again last night. This offer to get employees back to work was once again declined by the USW." An extension of the previous agreement would have allowed the local USW workers back on the job as early as this weekend while the two parties continue to negotiate a long-term contract. It also would have demonstrated that the USW truly has the people's best interest in mind rather than the intention to create simultaneous work stoppages at both of Cooper's Findlay and Texarkana, Arkansas, plants. The USW has offered nothing more than a non-binding promise not to strike or a 30-day extension of the previous agreement - which only brings the two labor agreements even closer and puts our company, its customers, and all of our employees at risk. "Without quality, cost-competitive products, there are no customers. Without customers, there are no jobs," said Ostrander. "It is essential that Cooper become more efficient in its existing operations to ensure the long-term viability of Cooper overall. Without being competitive and making a profit, we are unable to reinvest back in the business as we have done at the Findlay plant, where we've invested nearly $40 million and added nearly 150 union jobs since 2007." Cooper remains committed to reaching an agreement that will help ensure the long-term competitiveness of the Findlay plant. Negotiations were suspended yesterday due to the Union committee being unavailable, but they are scheduled to continue again today. About Cooper Tire & Rubber Company Cooper Tire & Rubber Company (Cooper) is the parent company of a global family of companies that specialize in the design, manufacture, marketing, and sales of passenger car and light truck tires. Cooper has joint ventures, affiliates and subsidiaries that also specialize in medium truck, motorcycle and racing tires. Cooper's headquarters is in Findlay, Ohio, with manufacturing, sales, distribution, technical and design facilities within its family of companies, located in 10 countries around the world. For more information on Cooper, visit www.coopertire.com, www.facebook.com/coopertire,www.twitter.com/coopertire. 


66093 8/7/2012 8/7/2012
AT&T Southeast, Communications Workers of America Reach Handshake on Tentative Agreements in Contract Negotiations
2012-08-07 05:42:10 UTC
Handshake on Agreements Comes on Heels of Tentative Agreements in AT&T Midwest, AT&T Corp
DALLAS, Aug. 7, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- AT&T* today announced that AT&T Southeast (BellSouth Telecommunications) has reached a handshake on a tentative agreement with the Communications Workers of America in contract negotiations. Additionally, AT&T reached handshakes on tentative agreements with the CWA on two other smaller Southeast regional agreements covering AT&T Billing Southeast and Southeast Utility Operations.
Paperwork is being finalized. All three agreements will be submitted to the union's membership for a ratification vote, and collectively cover more than 22,000 AT&T wireline employees in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee.
The three-year agreements include wage increases in each year and modest pension increases. Health care benefits remain among the best in the country.
The agreements come on the heels of tentative agreements AT&T reached on July 21 in wireline contract negotiations for the AT&T Midwest region and AT&T Corp. (CWA Telecommunications and Technology Office), where contracts expired on April 7. The Midwest agreement covers more than 13,000 employees in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin. The AT&T Corp. agreement covers about 5,700 employees located throughout the country.
In addition, AT&T Midwest on July 13 announced an agreement with the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers on a one-year contract extension covering nearly 7,000 wireline employees. Most of the IBEW employees covered under the contract are members of IBEW Local 21 and are in Illinois and northwestern Indiana; the rest are spread across the country.
AT&T continues to seek agreements in the East and West regions, where wireline contracts expired April 7. The employees in those regions perform the same type of work as those in all of these CWA and IBEW contracts where tentative agreements have been reached.
More information will be posted on www.att.com/corewirelinebargaining as it is available.
*AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc.


66093 8/7/2012 8/8/2012
AT&T Releases Details Of Tentative Agreement In AT&T Southeast Wireline Contract Negotiations
2012-08-08 22:50:28 UTC
DALLAS, Aug. 8, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- AT&T* today provided details of a tentative agreement AT&T Southeast (BellSouth Telecommunications) reached Aug. 7 with the Communications Workers of America in wireline contract negotiations.
The agreement covers more than 22,000 wireline employees in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Tennessee, and will be submitted to the CWA's membership for a ratification vote in coming days.
Among provisions of the tentative agreements:
-- General wage increases in each year of the contract for most employees -- 2.25 percent the first year, 2.75 percent the second year, and 3 percent the third year. -- A 1 percent pension band increase in each year of the contract to the banded pension plan enjoyed by most current employees. New hires will continue to receive the Bargained Cash Balance 2 Pension Plan, with a one-time, 1 percent pay credit increase and a generous 80 percent match in the AT&T Retirement Savings 401(k) Plan. -- Expands to additional employees a guaranteed job offer provision that promises qualified surplused employees a guaranteed job opportunity with AT&T -- an employment security provision that is virtually unheard of in most of corporate America today. -- Maintains one of the most robust health care plans in the nation, continuing to cover 100 percent of network preventive care, including such items as annual physicals and well-child care, with modest increases in employee contributions. For example, employees with individual coverage will pay monthly contributions of $38 in the first year of the contract, $58 the second year and $79 the third year of the contract. Employees with family coverage will pay monthly contributions of $81, $121, and $163 over the three years of the agreement. New hires will pay higher contributions. Deductibles for network care will be $500 for individual coverage and $1,000 for family coverage in each year of the contract.
More information will be posted at http://bargaining.att.com/corewireline as it is available.
AT&T on July 21 reached tentative agreements in core wireline contract negotiations for the AT&T Midwest region and AT&T Corp. (CWA Telecommunications and Technology Office), where contracts expired on April 7. The Midwest agreement covers more than 13,000 employees in Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, Michigan, and Wisconsin. The AT&T Corp. agreement covers about 5,700 employees located throughout the country.
*AT&T products and services are provided or offered by subsidiaries and affiliates of AT&T Inc. under the AT&T brand and not by AT&T Inc.



89125 5/23/2012 5/29/2012
Canadian Pacific Repeats Call for Teamsters to Allow Operating Employees to Return to Work
2012-05-29 17:09:53 UTC
CALGARY, May 29, 2012 /CNW/ - As was stated Sunday, May 27, 2012, before Teamsters Canada Rail Conference (TCRC) withdrew from federally mediated discussions, Canadian Pacific (TSX:CP)(NYSE:CP) requested the union to re-enter discussions to allow their members, CP employees, to return to work and stop the damage the union is unnecessarily causing to CP customers' businesses and employment levels. CP is again repeating that request to the Teamsters today.
"Since negotiations began in October 2011, CP has made multiple reasonable and good faith offers to the Teamsters on various items such as pensions, health spending accounts, a 48-hour rest provision and other fatigue management counter measures that add to and complement many existing regulatory and negotiated provisions. These and other work rule proposals offered by the company exceed those that the Teamsters have in place with other North American railways," said CP VP Human Resources & Industrial Relations Peter Edwards.
"While the Teamsters refused numerous requests from CP and the government for alternatives to achieve a negotiated settlement, CP agreed to each, including options for extension of talks and voluntary arbitration," said Edwards. "The Teamsters pushed their members into an unnecessary work stoppage and have, throughout the negotiations, refused to minimize the impact on other affected CP employees, our customers, and the Canadian economy."
Edwards said: "As we proposed to the union Sunday, Canadian Pacific calls on the Teamsters to allow our operating employees to return to work without delay and restore service to our heavily impacted customers. We consciously engaged in good faith bargaining throughout the process, and we will do so again once the union allows employees to return to work."


18091 8/24/2012 9/20/2012
Curtiss-Wright Anticipates Adverse Impact to FY2012 Results From Continuing Strike by IBEW
2012-09-20 11:00:11 UTC
Curtiss-Wright Anticipates Adverse Impact to FY2012 Results From Continuing Strike by IBEW
PARSIPPANY, N.J., Sept. 20, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Curtiss-Wright Corporation (NYSE:CW) today said a strike by 300 IBEW workers at its Flow Control segment's Electro-Mechanical Division (EMD) facility in Cheswick, PA, will likely have a significant adverse impact on the Company's financial results for Fiscal 2012.
On August 18, 2012, contractual agreements expired between EMD and its two local unions - Local Union 1914 of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) and the Association of Westinghouse Salaried Employees (AWSE) District 16, an affiliate of the Federation of Independent Salaried Unions (FISU), which represents 130 employees.
While members of the AWSE continued to work throughout the negotiation process, members of the IBEW elected to initiate a work stoppage following submission of Curtiss-Wright's initial wage offer. Curtiss-Wright immediately implemented contingency plans to support its business commitments to customers and the Company's EMD facility has remained open. The Company has reached a tentative agreement with the AWSE.
The Company will update the financial community once the strike has concluded.


21178 4/23/2012 4/26/2012
OTHER MATTERS
Status of F-35 Program
The F-35 program consists of multiple contracts. Under our customer’s acquisition strategy, the SDD contract is being performed concurrently with the LRIP contracts. Concurrent performance of development and production contracts is advantageous in complex programs to test airplanes, shorten the time to field systems, and achieve overall cost savings.
The SDD portion of the F-35 program is expected to continue into 2017 and has approximately $530 million of incentive fees remaining, which will be tied to specific milestones as determined on an annual basis by our customer. Only a minor portion of the incentive fees have been tied to specific milestones to date. Any portion of the remaining incentive fees that we or our partners receive will be dependent upon our customer’s evaluation of our progress on program milestones, most of which have yet to be determined. The current profit booking rate on the SDD contract contemplates that we will earn a significant portion rather than all of the remaining incentive fees.
Given the size and complexity of the F-35 program, we anticipate that there will be continual reviews related to aircraft quantities, program schedule, cost, and requirements as part of the DoD, Congressional, and international partners’ oversight and budgeting processes. Current program challenges include, but are not limited to, executing flight tests, supplier and partner performance, software development, and receiving funding for the LRIP contracts on a timely basis. In the quarter ended March 25, 2012, two of the remaining five LRIP lot 2 aircraft were delivered to the U.S. Government. We have received orders for 93 production aircraft, of which 11 have been delivered through the quarter ended March 25, 2012.
Although not exclusively related to the F-35 program, on October 4, 2010, the Defense Contracting Management Agency (DCMA) withdrew its prior validation and determination of compliance of the earned value management system (EVMS) at our Fort Worth, Texas location. EVMS is a tool for managing cost and schedule performance on complex programs. The DCMA began its re-audit of our EVMS in the quarter ended March 25, 2012, which we expect will be completed in the second half of 2012. The withdrawal of the prior validation and determination of compliance of the EVMS had no impact on our internal controls over financial reporting.
In January 2012, the Secretary of Defense removed the short takeoff and vertical landing (STOVL) fighter variant from “probation” as the STOVL variant completed highly successful initial sea trials aboard the USS Wasp and is demonstrating the kind of performance and maturity that is in line with the other two variants of the F-35.
We have two U.S. Government FMS customers to go along with our eight partner countries. In 2011, the Israeli government signed a letter of offer and acceptance with the U.S. Government for the procurement of F-35 aircraft and the Japanese Ministry of Defense selected the F-35 to be its next generation fighter. Israel and Japan are expected to be the first two countries to receive the F-35 aircraft through the U.S. Government FMS process.
Employee Relations
At March 25, 2012, we had approximately 123,000 employees, over 95% of whom were located in the U.S. Approximately 15% of our employees are covered by any one of approximately 70 separate collective bargaining agreements with various unions. A number of our existing collective bargaining agreements expire in any given year. We have been negotiating with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM), comprising 3,600 represented employees of our Aeronautics business segment, to reach a new labor contract agreement. On April 22, 2012, bargaining units of the IAM rejected our last contract offer and decided to strike. Our operations are scheduled to remain open and we expect to implement our contingency plan while focusing on meeting our commitments to our customers. Historically, we have been successful in renegotiating expiring agreements without any material disruption of operating activities. Overall, management considers its relations with employees to be good.


21178 4/23/2012 5/19/2012
Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Reaches New Contracts With Two Unions at Fort Worth Plant
2012-05-19 21:06:56 UTC
FORT WORTH, Texas, May 19, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Members of the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (IBEW) and the Office and Professional Employees International Union (OPEIU) have ratified new labor agreements with Lockheed Martin [NYSE: LMT] Aeronautics in Fort Worth. The new agreements become effective Monday, May 21, 2012 and will extend for four and five years, respectively.
The IBEW members approved their agreement in a vote on Friday, May 18, and the OPEIU members approved their agreement today. The IBEW represents about 70 employees at the company's Fort Worth site, while the OPEIU represents about 430. The unions and company have been negotiating for the past month.
"We're pleased the union members ratified these new agreements. Our employees perform a critical task for our customers and the nation through their work supporting the F-35, F-16 and other business programs, and these new agreements will allow us to sustain those activities while also positioning the company for efficiency and affordability," said Bridget Lauderdale, vice president of Aeronautics Operations for Lockheed Martin.
The union members will each receive a $3,000 ratification bonus and general wage increases over the term of the agreements. The agreements also include Cost of Living Adjustment (COLA) provisions and will increase future pension benefits by 14 percent, to $90 per month per year of credited service for eligible current employees. These new agreements offer a choice of two health insurance options: the LM HealthWorks plan which is standard throughout Lockheed Martin, or an Aetna HMO.
These ratified contracts also include a defined contribution pension plan for new hire employees in lieu of a defined benefit pension plan. These terms are similar to what Lockheed Martin offered to the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers (IAM) in Fort Worth, at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Md., and Edwards Air Force Base, Calif., which the IAM rejected on April 22, resulting in the ongoing strike.


76221 1/1/2012 1/1/2012
Rio Tinto Alcan adjusts production at its Alma smelter after initiating lockout
2012-01-01 19:00:26 UTC
MONTREAL, Jan. 1, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Rio Tinto Alcan will begin an orderly shutdown of approximately one-third of its production at its 438,000 tonne Alma smelter in Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec after initiating a lockout at the facility earlier today. Rio Tinto Alcan staff will execute the orderly shutdown of 144 out of 432 reduction cells and will continue to operate the remaining capacity until further notice.
Plans are in place to ensure that our aluminium operations throughout the region continue to run safely and efficiently, and we will work to limit the labour disruption's impact Rio Tinto Alcan's customers.
Rio Tinto Alcan initiated a lockout after the Syndicat des travailleurs de l'aluminium d'Alma (Alma aluminium workers' union) rejected the company's final proposal for an agreement. Rio Tinto Alcan had been bargaining with the union since 4 October 2011. The union's contract expired on 31 December 2011.
The Syndicat des travailleurs de l'aluminium d'Alma represents 755 employees at the plant, including 674 hourly workers, 25 office personnel and 56 workers at the pot relining centre.


76221 1/1/2012 1/2/2012
Rio Tinto Alcan continues to adjust production at its Alma smelter and will keep on operating one-third of its capacity for the duration of labour disruption
2012-01-03 01:00:34 UTC
MONTREAL, Jan. 2, 2012 /CNW Telbec/ - Rio Tinto Alcan will keep on operating one-third of production for the duration of the labour disruption at its 438,000 tonne Alma smelter in Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean, Quebec. On 1 January 2012, Rio Tinto Alcan announced that it would begin an orderly shutdown of 144 out of the plant's 432 reduction cells. Today, the company will begin the process of shutting down an additional 144 cells, leaving one-third of the Alma smelter's capacity in operation.
Plans are in place to ensure that our aluminium operations throughout the region continue to run safely and efficiently, and we will work to limit the labour disruption's impact on Rio Tinto Alcan's customers.
Rio Tinto Alcan initiated a lockout at the Alma smelter after the Syndicat des travailleurs de l'aluminium d'Alma (Alma aluminium workers' union) rejected the company's final proposal for an agreement. Rio Tinto Alcan had been bargaining with the union since 4 October 2011. Every effort was made to reach an agreement in the best interests of employees, customers and the business before the union's contract expired on 31 December 2011.
The Syndicat des travailleurs de l'aluminium d'Alma represents 755 employees at the plant, including 674 hourly workers, 25 office personnel and 56 workers at the pot relining centre.


55976 11/23/2012 11/23/2012
Walmart U.S. Reports Best Ever Black Friday Events
2012-11-23 14:04:14 UTC
BENTONVILLE, Ark., Nov. 23, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- Today, Walmart U.S. reported its best ever Black Friday events. The retailer saw larger crowds than last year and a huge response to its first ever one-hour guarantee on key electronic items.
"I'm so proud of what our more than 1.3 million associates have done to prepare and execute our Black Friday plans, giving our customers a great start to their Christmas shopping season," said Bill Simon, Walmart U.S. president and chief executive officer. "The work of our associates is even more impressive when you consider they served approximately 22 million customers on Thursday."
Walmart's Black Friday plan included three events this year at 8 p.m., 10 p.m. and 5 a.m. During the high traffic period from 8 p.m. through midnight, Walmart processed nearly 10 million register transactions and almost 5,000 items per second.
During the 8 p.m. event, customers filled shopping carts with gaming consoles, video games, DVDs, Furbys, fashion dolls, board games and Crock-Pots.
At 10 p.m. it was all about electronics, including big-screen TVs, tablets, laptops and digital cameras. Customers were particularly excited about Walmart's "guaranteed" items, and the turnout for the iPad 2, Emerson 32" LCD TV and LG Blu-ray player was amazing. Customers appreciated this historic offering knowing they were guaranteed to put one of these gifts under their trees.
Since its events began at 8 p.m., Walmart sold more than:
-- 1.8 million towels, -- 1.3 million televisions, -- 1.3 million dolls and -- 250,000 bicycles.
"We had very safe and successful Black Friday events at our stores across the country and heard overwhelmingly positive feedback from our customers," Simon said.
In response to the UFCW's planned protests, Simon added, "Only 26 protests occurred at stores last night and many of them did not include any Walmart associates." In addition, the company did not experience the walk-offs that were promised by the UFCW. "We estimate that less than 50 associates participated in the protest nationwide. In fact, this year, roughly the same number of associates missed their scheduled shift as last year," Simon said.
Walmart associates receive a 10 percent discount on general merchandise bought at Walmart stores all year long. Earlier this holiday season, the company rewarded associates with a special holiday discount of 10 percent off most food items from November 9 to January 1 to help make the holidays for its associates and their families even more special.
Also, to recognize those associates who helped serve customers during its Black Friday events, the company is providing an additional 10 percent discount on an entire basket of goods. Eligible associates who helped execute Walmart's Black Friday events will also receive holiday pay.
Black Friday is just the start to a full holiday season of savings at Walmart.
61815 8/29/2005 9/1/2005
Noble Energy Announces Impact of Hurricane Katrina
2005-09-01 20:08:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Noble Energy, Inc. (NYSE: NBL) announced today that it has completed a survey of the company's operated Gulf of Mexico production platforms. Based on the company's initial inspections, no major damage has been identified, with the exception of the Main Pass area where the company's 306D platform was lost in the storm. Prior to shut-in for Hurricane Katrina, Main Pass 306D was producing 410 barrels of oil equivalent per day (Boepd), net to Noble Energy.
All potentially impacted areas in the Gulf of Mexico were shut in prior to the arrival of Hurricane Katrina, and all personnel were safely evacuated. The company has resumed operations in the Gulf of Mexico with total net production currently at 52 percent of pre-storm levels. Net production is expected to reach approximately 75 percent of pre-storm levels by early next week. Resumption of remaining production will depend on the results of additional damage assessments, and the restarting of pipeline and other facilities not operated by Noble Energy. Noble Energy's net Gulf of Mexico production averaged approximately 26,000 Boepd for June and July, or approximately 16 percent of Noble Energy's total net production at the end of the second quarter.


90793 8/29/2005 8/30/2005
Shell Initiates Emergency Response Line for Employees
2005-08-30 16:35:00 UTC
Please broadcast as appropriate:
Shell has implemented a toll-free number for employees. Any Shell employee affected by Hurricane Katrina should call 866-745-5489 for information on assistance for themselves and their families. Updates on the status of Shell facilities will also be available.
Note to media:
For media information, please visit http://www.shell.com/us and click on "Storm Updates" or call the Shell media line at 713-241-4544.


90793 8/29/2005 9/2/2005
Shell Announces Disaster Relief Support
2005-09-02 18:23:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 2 /PRNewswire/ -- Shell Oil Company and Motiva Enterprises LLC will implement a disaster relief support program to aid recovery efforts in Gulf Coast areas devastated by Hurricane Katrina. A key part of the program involves Shell and Motiva dedicating $2 million to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund and matching employee donations up to another $1 million.
"Our highest priority is to help provide for the immediate safety and long-term well being of our employees, their families and the residents in these devastated communities," says John Hofmeister, president of Shell Oil Company. "Shell has a long-standing record of working with the Red Cross nationally and locally for disaster relief and education on hurricane preparedness."
Beyond financial support of this fund, Shell has other disaster relief support efforts underway in Houston and the affected areas. Shell employees can volunteer at shelters and on-site in the affected areas, and participate in community pledge programs. Shell is also providing its affected employees and their families with a broad range of resources and services to assure their care at this time.
"We are grateful that Shell and its employees have chosen the Red Cross as their way to reach out to those whose lives were disrupted by Hurricane Katrina," said Marsha J. Evans, President and CEO of the American Red Cross. "With Shell's help, the Red Cross can supply the shelter, food, emotional support and longer-term recovery assistance that thousands so badly need."
Motiva Enterprises LLC owns and operates refineries capable of refining approximately 705,000 barrels per day, a distribution system including ownership interests in 47 products terminals, and a marketing network that supports more than 9,000 branded gasoline stations in the Eastern and Southern United States.


90793 8/29/2005 9/9/2005
Shell Provides Update on Operational Impact of Hurricane Katrina
Upstream Operations:
Production is now flowing and ramping up from all Shell-operated assets in the Western Gulf of Mexico (GoM) that were shut in because of Hurricane Katrina. Production has resumed at Auger, Brutus, Bullwinkle, Cougar, Enchilada, North Padre Island and West Cameron 565. In the Eastern GoM, our Fairway asset and Yellowhammer Gas Processing Plant near Mobile Bay are operating normally.
Shell's net GoM production from Shell-operated and outside-operated fields for the first half of 2005 averaged around 450,000 barrels of oil equivelent per day (kboe/d). Currently, Shell's net GoM production has returned to approximately 160 kboe/d. Significant efforts continue as we make a comprehensive assessment of our hurricane-impacted assets (Mars, Ursa, Cognac, and West Delta 143) as well as of pipelines and other related onshore processing/handling facilities that transport and receive our production.
Pending full assessment and evaluation of infrastructure and assets, it is expected that about 60% of total production will be restored to pre-hurricane levels within Q4, 2005. The situation with respect to the remaining production, mainly from the Mars and Ursa area, Mensa, and Cognac, is still being assessed, but production from these facilities may not be feasible during the fourth quarter, depending on options available for recovery.
Downstream Operations:
Refineries
Shell and Motiva operate 7 refineries in the US with overall crude throughput of approximately 1 million barrels per day (bbl/d). Two Motiva refineries, Motiva Convent and Motiva Norco, representing about 27% of Shell’s US refining capacity (net) were impacted by Hurricane Katrina. These refineries normally supply retail and other customers mainly in the PADD III Gulf Coast area.
The Motiva Convent refinery has completed repairs and initiated its restart sequence. It is expected that the refinery will be brought back towards full production over several days. Full production rates are expected to be achieved by the end of next week.  The Motiva Convent refinery has a capacity of 235 thousand bbl/d of crude throughput (Shell share 50% = 117.5 thousand bbl/d).
Repair work continues at the Motiva Norco refinery and restart of operations could begin the middle of next week. The Motiva Norco plant has a capacity of 220 thousand bbl/d of crude throughput (110 thousand bbl/d = Shell share 50%).
Other Gulf Coast Shell refineries in Deer Park (334 thousand bbl/d = Shell share 50%) and Port Arthur (275 thousand bbl/d = Shell share 50%) are not affected.
Chemicals
Shell Chemical LP is continuing to make progress in restoring operations. The Geismar, Louisiana chemicals plant is operating at 60 % of its capacity, limited by offsite logistics issues. Geismar (Shell share 100%) produces first line derivative products. Full capacity is expected as logistics become available.
The Mobile facility in Alabama is in its final start-up phase. Mobile (Shell share 100%) produces base chemical feedstocks and fuels.
Norco (Shell share 100%) produces base chemicals and other products. More definitive information on start-up dates will be available in the coming days as start-up plans are developed jointly with the refinery.
 
Terminals and Retail
Terminal operations are nearly up and running across the affected area. Movement of product into our retail stations continues to be a significant challenge.

Work is in progress assessing the full impact of the storm on our network, and great efforts are being made to keep product flowing. Motiva has taken specific actions to help control prices in the affected areas and is also taking strict measures against price gouging by any of our branded locations
The Hague, September 9, 2005
Media	
UK/USA/International:	
Stuart Bruseth	+44 20 7934 6238
Andy Corrigan	+44 20 7934 5963
Simon Buerk	+44 20 7934 3453
Bianca Ruakere	+44 20 7934 4323
Lisa Givert	+44 20 7934 2914
Susan Shannon	+44 20 7934 3277
Bernadette Cunnane	+44 20 7934 2713
Netherlands:	
Henk Bonder	+31 70 377 8750
Institutional Investors	
UK:	
Gerard Paulides	+44 20 7934 6287
Europe:	
Bart van der Steenstraten	+31 70 377 3996
USA:	
Harold Hatchett	+1 212 218 3112


87137 9/24/2005 9/29/2005
Devon Energy Resuming Offshore Operations; Provides Production Update Following Hurricane Rita
2005-09-29 18:06:00 UTC
OKLAHOMA CITY, Sept. 29 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Devon Energy Corporation (NYSE: DVN) today reported that it has restored a portion of the offshore oil and natural gas production that it had suspended in preparation for Hurricane Rita. Devon produced approximately 80,000 equivalent barrels of oil (Boe) per day from wells located in the Gulf of Mexico prior to Hurricane Katrina. This represented about 13 percent of Devon's worldwide production. All of the company's Gulf of Mexico production was suspended prior to Hurricane Rita.
Currently, about 30,000 Boe per day of Devon's offshore production has been restored. Restoration of the remaining volumes, including 9,000 Boe per day suspended due to Hurricane Katrina, is dependent upon further damage assessments and repairs to Devon and third-party-operated facilities.
Additionally, shut-downs of pipelines and third-party gas processing facilities in preparation for Hurricane Rita caused Devon to suspend a portion of its onshore production. Devon's onshore production has now been restored to pre-storm levels.
The company also provided an estimate of the impact of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita to its production for the quarter ending September 30, 2005. As a result of the two storms, Devon expects to report company-wide production of about 54.6 million Boe in the third quarter. This is 1.4 million Boe less than the company's pre-Katrina forecast of approximately 56 million Boe. Onshore volumes represent approximately 0.3 million Boe of the 1.4 million Boe reduction to the third quarter forecast. Approximately 60 percent of the 1.4 million Boe reduction is natural gas.
Devon is insured against physical damage to its offshore facilities caused by the hurricanes. Its insurance program also includes substantial business interruption coverage which Devon will utilize to recover costs associated with the suspended production. Business interruption insurance is subject to a standard waiting period, upper limits to oil and natural gas prices and a per event maximum.
"Our employees carried out Devon's evacuation and shut-in procedures quickly and safely," said Stephen J. Hadden, senior vice president, exploration and production. "It also appears that the offshore drilling and workover rigs under contract to Devon are undamaged and returning to service."


64936 9/24/2005 10/10/2005
Dominion Announces Partial Resumption of Gulf of Mexico Natural Gas and Oil Production
2005-10-10 21:10:00 UTC
RICHMOND, Va., Oct. 10 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Dominion (NYSE: D) announced Monday that its Gulf of Mexico and South Louisiana production has reached approximately 130 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent (mmcfe) per day.
Dominion facilities were not significantly damaged by the storms. Production capability of approximately 570 mmcfe per day is still shut-in primarily due to hurricane damage to downstream facilities not owned by Dominion.
Some Dominion facilities remain off line. At this time, Dominion is not able to forecast with certainty when off-line production, whether interrupted because of damage downstream or to its facilities, will resume.
Prior to Hurricane Katrina, Dominion's Gulf of Mexico and South Louisiana production was approximately 435 mmcfe per day. Dominion had forecasted production increases to approximately 700 mmcfe per day during October with the addition of four previously announced deepwater projects, plus other planned completion activity.
Dominion Daily Gulf of Mexico and South Louisiana Production Summary (mmcfe per day)
Prior to Hurricane Katrina 435 Prior to Hurricane Rita 240 Expected September Prior to Storms 525 Expected October Prior to Storms 700 All volumes are approximate.
Until a significant percentage of production is resumed, Dominion will post updated production data at the beginning of each week on its Web site at http://www.dom.com/about/companies/production/update.jsp.


37234 9/24/2005 9/30/2005
FOREST OIL ANNOUNCES PRELIMINARY ASSESSMENT OF
THE IMPACT OF HURRICANE RITA
DENVER, COLORADO – September 30, 2005 - Forest Oil Corporation (NYSE:FST) (Forest or the Company) today announced its preliminary assessment of the effect of Hurricane Rita on its Gulf Coast operation.
Damage Assessment
All personnel were safely evacuated and activity was suspended prior to the hurricane.  No rigs had major damage or were blown off location by the storm.  Forest sustained damage to its facilities located at Eugene Island 266, 292 and 314 and at South Marsh Island 10 and 11.  These properties were producing 6 MMcfe/d net to Forest before the hurricane. One platform at Eugene Island 314 was lost.  That platform was non-producing and scheduled for abandonment.  Forest has inspected all operated properties and no other significant damage has been observed at this time.  Over the next several weeks, crews will better assess damages and begin the repair process.  Forest carries property and casualty insurance with a $5 million retention for each occurrence.  Forest’s estimated liability, under its retention, for the repair of its facilities damaged by hurricanes in the third quarter of 2005 is $10 million.
Production
Forest had approximately 205 MMcfe/d of production shut-in in the Gulf Coast Region on September 23, 2005, the peak day of shut-in production, due to Hurricane Rita.  In addition, 20 MMcfe/d of production remained shut-in due to facilities issues caused by Hurricane Katrina.  Since that time, 45 MMcfe/d of Gulf Coast Region production has been restored.
The majority of the 180 MMcfe/d of Gulf Coast Region production that remains shut-in is due to damage to third-party pipeline and gas processing plants offshore and in Louisiana.  The timetable for restoring full production is uncertain as it is dependent on repairs to transportation and processing facilities which are owned by others.   Forest estimates that total production deferred during the third quarter of 2005 for Hurricanes Cindy, Dennis, Katrina and Rita will be approximately 6 Bcfe.
Forest Oil Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of natural gas and liquids in North America and selected international locations.  Forest’s principal reserves and producing properties are located in the United States in the Gulf of Mexico, Texas, Louisiana, Oklahoma, Utah, Wyoming and Alaska, and in Canada.  Forest’s common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol FST.  For more information about Forest, please visit our website at www.forestoil.com.


37234 9/24/2005 10/9/2005
Hurricane Impact
Our operations were adversely affected by one of the most active hurricane seasons in recorded history, primarily with respect to our Gulf of Mexico operations. During the third quarter of 2005, we estimate that 6 Bcfe of total available production was shut-in and deferred until later dates as a result of Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. As of October 31, 2005, approximately 100 to 110 MMcfe per day remained shut in. Accordingly, our fourth quarter production will be negatively impacted as well. We estimate that 10 Bcfe of total available production will remain shut-in and deferred in the fourth quarter of 2005.

We carry property and casualty insurance to insure against property damages such as those caused by hurricanes. The insurance has a $5 million deductible for each occurrence. Our estimated uninsured liability for the repair of our facilities damaged by hurricanes in the third quarter of 2005 will be $10 million, the majority of which will be incurred in the fourth quarter of 2005 as the related repairs are made. Our insurance does not insure against losses or deferrals of production caused by shut-in production.


75241 9/24/2005 9/28/2005
Pioneer Announces Minimal Impact from Hurricane Rita

2005-09-28 12:53:00 UTC
DALLAS--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 28, 2005--Pioneer Natural Resources Company (NYSE:PXD) announced today that its Canyon Express and Falcon Corridor gas production facilities in the deepwater Gulf of Mexico resumed operations on September 26 after being evacuated beginning September 20 in advance of Hurricane Rita. The Company's net gas production from these facilities is expected to achieve pre-hurricane levels of approximately 60 million cubic feet per day ("MMcfpd") and 150 MMcfpd, respectively, later this week.

The Company's net production from the deepwater Devils Tower field, which was averaging approximately 5,000 barrels per day of oil and 5 MMcfpd of gas prior to Hurricane Katrina, remains shut in. Damage to the spar from Hurricane Katrina was minimal and has been repaired, and there was no further damage from Hurricane Rita. However, production cannot resume until operations have been restored at Chevron's Empire pipeline terminal.

On the shallow shelf of the Gulf of Mexico, Pioneer's pre-hurricane net production totaled approximately 3,000 barrels oil equivalent per day ("Boepd"). Of this volume, approximately 2,400 Boepd is expected to be producing by the end of this week. The remaining 600 Boepd will not be returned to production due to the loss of the Company's East Cameron 322 platform. The financial impact associated with the loss of East Cameron 322 is under evaluation, but will not be known until a subsea assessment of the damage and an estimate of abandonment costs can be completed.

Pioneer maintains business interruption insurance to limit the impact of production interruptions extending beyond 45 days as well as physical damage insurance.

The Gulf of Mexico volume expected to remain shut in at the end of this week represents less than 4% of the Company's worldwide daily oil and gas production and approximately 15% of its total Gulf of Mexico output.

Exploration drilling has resumed on the deepwater Clipper prospect after being suspended for Hurricane Rita. Pioneer now expects to spud its first shelf exploration well of a five-well program in late October due to rig delays caused by the two hurricanes.


90533 9/24/2005 10/3/2005
W&T Offshore Provides Operations Update and Impact From Hurricane Rita

2005-10-03 10:00:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Oct. 3 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- W&T Offshore, Inc. (NYSE: WTI) today announced an initial assessment of the impact of Hurricane Rita on its operations in the Gulf of Mexico. As a result of Hurricane Rita, the Company temporarily shut-in all operated wells. While several platforms had some damage, only five operated platforms had significant physical damage, including East Cameron 338 A and Eugene Island 397 A. Net daily production associated with these platforms prior to the hurricane was 15 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent (MMcfe). All other operated structures inspected by air or by physical inspection appear to be intact. The Company has already begun the repair process and is continuing the assessment of any sub-sea damages.

W&T's pre-Hurricane Katrina and Rita volumes were approximately 245 MMcfe net per day. Currently, the Company still estimates that 55 MMcfe per day additional net production is shut-in because of Hurricane Katrina. Net daily production of approximately 190 MMcfe was shut in because of Hurricane Rita.

The Company is currently producing 24 MMcfe net per day. The buildup to pre-Hurricane Rita volumes is anticipated to be as follows: 24 MMcfe per day - Current production. 17 MMcfe per day - Expected production within the next seven days. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 14 MMcfe per day - Expected to come online when assessments to 3rd party pipelines are completed. 12 MMcfe per day - Expected to come online after completing minor repairs in the field. 76 MMcfe per day - Expected to come online when on-shore processing plants are repaired. 15 MMcfe per day - Expected to come online after completing major repairs in the field (approximately 60 day or more). ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 8 MMcfe per day - Non-operated production expected to come on production in the near future according to the respective operators. 24 MMcfe per day - Non-operated production where the operator has not yet provided a timing estimate for returning to production. ------------------------------------------------------------------------- 190 MMcfe per day - Estimated Pre-Rita Production.

W&T is evaluating several alternative methods for bringing shut-in production online such as utilizing temporary infrastructure and other operator's platforms.

W&T maintains insurance coverage for property damage due to hurricanes and tropical storms. The policy has a cumulative deductible of $5 million. Currently, W&T estimates total repair cost due to both hurricanes to be approximately $35 million net for operated fields. The Company does not have an estimated cost for non-operated fields at this time. A dedicated team that will handle the repairs and insurance claims as a result of the hurricanes. The Company does not carry business interruption insurance.

The Company will provide additional information and guidance as to the impact from Hurricane Rita and Hurricane Katrina as it becomes aware of them.

Tracy W. Krohn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "In the last month, we have successfully evacuated all of our offshore and office personnel twice, due to Hurricanes Katrina and Rita. In spite of these disruptions, the staff remains focused on returning production to pre-hurricane levels. By my estimates, Hurricane Rita represents the most catastrophic storm ever in terms of impact on oil and gas operations in the Gulf of Mexico. The damage that was suffered by W&T appears to be in line with the reports of other significant operators in the Gulf of Mexico. However, I am very pleased with the pace of our repair operations. Currently, drilling and construction projects have been delayed only 10 days; however, no drilling rigs working for W&T were damaged because of the hurricane. Of the rigs reported to be severely damaged or lost by major rig operators, none will affect our 2005 or 2006 drilling program. Our operations are proceeding as planned."


90533 9/24/2005 10/17/2005
W&T Offshore Provides Operational Update and Drilling Successes
HOUSTON -- October 17, 2005 -- W&T Offshore, Inc. (NYSE: WTI) today announced it is currently producing approximately 96 million cubic feet of gas equivalent (MMcfe) net per day, which represents 51% of the Company's pre-Hurricane Rita and 39% pre-Hurricane Katrina production. The Company also reports that it has been successful with its exploration and development drilling program that includes eight successful wells out of nine wells drilled since the end of the second quarter, six of which were drilled since Hurricane Katrina

The Company's production is back online in part due to the repairs and availability of 3rd party infrastructure, and processing plant repairs, some of which occurred earlier than anticipated. W&T expects additional production to return online over the next several weeks, as further field repairs are completed and 3rd party processing plants and pipelines are brought back online. The Company still estimates that approximately 55 MMcfe per day of its net production is shut-in because of Hurricane Katrina. W&T's pre-Hurricane Katrina and Rita volumes were approximately 245 MMcfe net per day. Based on estimates for deferred production due to the hurricanes, W&T expects third quarter net production to range between 16.3 and 18.0 Bcfe, or between 179 and 197 MMcfe per day.

Tracy W. Krohn, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, stated, "The outstanding coordinated efforts between W&T personnel and our various service providers demonstrates what empowered employees can achieve when given a difficult task. Among other activities resulting in increased production, the team coordinated the rerouting of products around a temporarily shut-down processing facility south of Lafayette, Louisiana, to an alternative facility, thereby facilitating the resumption of approximately 40 MMcfe of net daily production. We are focused on developing additional solutions that will further enhance our ability to produce volumes shut-in by the recent storms."

W&T also continues to have success with its exploration and development program. Since the end of the second quarter, the Company successfully drilled four exploration wells and four development wells, with one unsuccessful development well. This includes five successful wells since Hurricane Katrina.

Field Name/Well	Category	Working Interest %

Ewing Bank 989	Exploration	100.0%

Main Pass 185	Exploration	33.3%

High Island A443 A-5ST	Exploration	92.0%

Drilled since Katrina

High Island A443 A-2ST	Exploration	84.0%

Ship Shoal 177 A-4ST	Development	75.0%

Ship Shoal 359 A-12	Development	59.0%

Eugene Island 349 B-13ST	Development	29.0%

Eugene Island 107 A-3	Development	25.0%

One development well was unsuccessful, as follows:

Field Name/Well	Category	Working Interest %

Drilled since Katrina

High Island A572 C-23ST	Development	4.0%

 

"For 2005, we have successfully drilling 14 out of 17 exploration wells and five out of six development wells," continued Mr. Krohn. "Our previously announced drilling program of a total of 30 exploration and 7 development wells remains on track for 2005."


90793 9/24/2005 9/24/2005
Hurricane Rita Update: Shell Restarts Facilities, Focuses on Re-Supplying Stations on Evacuation Routes
2005-09-24 18:56:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 24 /PRNewswire/ -- With the brunt of Hurricane Rita past, Shell Oil Company and Motiva Enterprises LLC, are immediately focusing attention on re-starting critical Southeast Texas facilities in order to resume station deliveries as soon as possible. The companies are mobilizing drivers and evaluating road and power conditions to help ensure quick and efficient deliveries, with top priority given to stations along evacuation routes and supplying emergency service vehicles. The Motiva North Houston terminal has power and has re-opened. Four tanker trucks pre-loaded with gasoline before the storm have already been dispatched for local distribution and will return to the terminal for re-loading immediately after leaving designated stations. The companies are working closely with local authorities to prioritize locations along Interstate 45, Interstate 10 and Highway 290 in order to supply fuel for residents returning to the evacuated areas. The company is also prioritizing deliveries in Austin and Dallas to supply fuel for returning motorists.
Shell and Motiva are joining with local officials to ask consumers to conserve fuel and avoid unnecessary driving while teams work to re-supply the area. Drivers can access fuel conservation tips from Shell and Motiva by clicking on "Storm Updates" at http://www.shell.com/us.


90793 9/24/2005 9/25/2005
Shell Continues to Re-Supply Fuel to Houston Area, Focus Remains on Evacuation Routes
2005-09-25 05:18:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 25 /PRNewswire/ -- Shell Oil Company and Motiva Enterprises LLC are reporting that both the North Houston and Pasadena distribution terminals are fully operational. The North Houston terminal was brought online yesterday, Saturday, September 24, 2005 at 12:30 p.m. CDT and has been servicing fuel tankers throughout the afternoon. By midnight, Shell and Motiva expect to have shipped out a minimum of 30 loaded tankers from the North Houston terminal that will deliver approximately 270,000 gallons of gasoline to Shell stations in Houston and the surrounding communities. Additionally, the Pasadena terminal was brought online at approximately 7:00 p.m. CDT and wholesalers have been notified and will begin making deliveries as long as curfews and power supplies permit.
Across Texas, Shell and Motiva continue to mobilize trucks and drivers to provide fuel to the primary cities housing evacuees, including Dallas, Austin and San Antonio, and most stations have sufficient supply. Re-fueling priorities are dedicated to locations used for emergency service vehicles as well as those on the primary routes for residents returning to evacuated areas, including Interstate 45, Interstate 10 and Highway 290.
Shell and Motiva are joining with local officials to ask consumers to conserve fuel and avoid unnecessary driving while teams work to re-supply the area. The companies support Houston Mayor Bill White's call for an orderly and systematic return to the city while crews work to open roads and restore power and as Shell and others in the gasoline industry work to re-supply stations. For additional updates on re-supply efforts as well as fuel conservation tips from Shell and Motiva go to http://www.shell.com/us .


90793 9/24/2005 9/25/2005
Shell Deliveries Top 1.8 Million Gallons in Houston Area
2005-09-26 00:18:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 25 /PRNewswire/ -- Shell Oil Company and Motiva Enterprises LLC are reporting that greater than 1.8 million gallons of fuel have been shipped to gasoline stations across the greater Houston area and strategic locations along major return routes. As of approximately 6 p.m. CDT
Sunday, Sept. 25, Shell and Motiva had shipped 201 tank loads with plans to deliver another 40 tanker loads of fuel by midnight tonight. The addition of six company-operated tankers were added this morning to support distribution operations. Additional tankers provided by wholesalers and contractors were also supporting the companies' fuel supply efforts. Both the North Houston and Pasadena terminals are fully operational and servicing the area. In addition to prioritizing fuel supply in the immediately affected areas and along return routes from Dallas, Austin and San Antonio, Shell and Motiva are working with local authorities to ensure fuel supply for emergency vehicles across the impacted areas. To date, the companies have delivered fuel to help support the Houston Metro system, Houston Police Department and Houston Fire Department.
Shell and Motiva continue to closely monitor production and supply as the industry continues efforts to repair and re-start facilities impacted by two hurricanes in order to maintain consistent supply across the country and return to normal operations. The companies continue to support local officials' requests to consumers to conserve fuel and avoid unnecessary driving while teams work to re-supply the area. The companies support Houston Mayor Bill White's call for an orderly and systematic return to the city while crews work to open roads and restore power and as Shell and others in the gasoline industry work to re-supply stations. Drivers can access storm updates along with fuel conservation tips from Shell and Motiva by clicking on "Storm Updates" at http://www.shell.com/us .


39490 8/29/2005 8/29/2005
Katrina Shuts in Most Apache Gulf Production
2005-08-29 15:59:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Aug. 29 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Apache Corporation (NYSE, Nasdaq: APA) said today that it began shutting in production in portions of the Gulf of Mexico Saturday in advance of Hurricane Katrina. Currently, the company has shut-in gross operated volumes of approximately 70,000 barrels of oil and 565 million cubic feet of gas per day in the Gulf of Mexico and onshore Louisiana.
A total of 336 of Apache's 386 structures in the Gulf of Mexico are shut in and the storm is now affecting onshore facilities. Later today, Apache expects to begin repopulating structures in the Gulf west of Lafayette, La., outside the main path of the storm. The company declined to speculate on damage or a timetable for restoring production.


39490 8/29/2005 9/1/2005
Apache Announces Preliminary Hurricane Katrina Damage Assessment
2005-09-01 13:42:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Apache Corporation (NYSE and Nasdaq: APA) said it has reported to the U.S. Minerals Management Service and the U.S. Coast Guard that it lost eight of its production platforms in Hurricane Katrina.
All personnel were safely evacuated from offshore facilities before the storm, and all Apache employees living in the storm's path have been accounted for, the company said.
The platforms lost to the storm were: Main Pass 312-JA; South Timbalier 161-A; South Pass (SP) 62-A; SP 62-B; West Delta (WD) 103-A; WD 103-B; WD 104- C; and WD 133-B.
Aggregate gross production from the eight lost platforms was 7,158 barrels of oil and 12.1 million cubic feet of gas per day before the storm.
A detailed inspection of damage to other facilities is under way. Apache personnel have begun the process of restoring production as pipeline and processing facilities become available.
Apache carries insurance coverage for its facilities and has up to $150 million of business interruption insurance to help defray the cost of an extended shut-in.



39490 8/29/2005 9/1/2005
Apache Corporation Pledges $1 Million for Hurricane Katrina Relief
2005-09-01 17:30:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 1 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Apache Corporation (NYSE, Nasdaq: APA) said today that, along with its employees, the company has pledged $1 million to assist victims of Hurricane Katrina.
An employee committee has been established to work with Apache personnel and relief agencies in Louisiana in directing contributions to those hardest hit by the hurricane.
"Hurricane Katrina has turned tens of thousands of people's lives upside down, including a number of Apache employees," said Apache CEO and President G. Steven Farris. "We have a large presence in Louisiana, with numerous employees, contractors and their families living and working in areas affected by Hurricane Katrina. We are extremely proud that our employees have stepped forward to help their colleagues impacted by the storm with contributions of cash, clothing and other necessities."


39490 8/29/2005 9/6/2005
Apache Restores 76 Percent of Gas Production, 60 Percent of Oil Output Shut In By Hurricane Katrina
2005-09-06 16:31:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Apache Corporation (NYSE, Nasdaq: APA) said today that, seven days after Hurricane Katrina, 76 percent of its gross operated natural gas production shut-in because of the storm and 60 percent of operated oil production in storm-affected areas have been restored to pre-storm levels.
In anticipation of the storm, Apache curtailed 565 million cubic feet (MMcf) per day of operated gas production and 70,120 barrels per day of oil production. A total of 430 MMcf of gas per day and 41,900 barrels of oil per day has been restored.
Approximately 28,200 barrels per day of oil production and 135 MMcf per day of gas production remain shut-in as a result of the hurricane. Of those volumes, 2,000 barrels per day of oil production and 15 MMcf per day of gas production are ready to be restored as soon as pipelines and other third-party facilities are returned to service. The company expects additional production to be restored in coming weeks as damage is assessed and repaired.
"Apache personnel and contractors have done an outstanding job bringing our Gulf Coast fields -- both offshore and onshore -- back on production," said G. Steven Farris, president and chief executive officer. "People are working 24 hours a day to repair storm damage and restore production as soon as possible."
In all, Apache's Gulf Coast Region is currently producing 83 percent of its normal gross operated gas volumes and 63 percent of its normal oil volumes.
Apache carries insurance coverage for its facilities and has up to $150 million of business interruption insurance to help defray the cost of an extended shut-in.


39490 8/29/2005 9/15/2005
APACHE UPDATES POST-KATRINA PRODUCTION RESTORATION;
                81% OF SHUT-IN GAS AND 65% OF OIL BACK ON STREAM

         Houston, Sept. 15, 2005 - Apache Corporation (NYSE, Nasdaq: APA) said
today that it has restored 81 percent, or 459 million cubic feet (MMcf) per day,
of its gross operated natural gas production and 65 percent, or 45,600 barrels
per day, of its gross operated oil production in the company's Gulf Coast Region
that had been shut-in due to Hurricane Katrina.

         Apache expects to restore another 45 MMcf per day of gross operated gas
production and 4,000 barrels per day of gross operated oil production by
mid-October.

         Repair and replacement of lost or damaged production platforms and
third-party pipelines and other facilities make it likely that approximately 60
MMcf per day of gross operated natural gas production and 20,000 barrels per day
of gross operated oil production may remain shut in for an extended period of up
to a year, Apache reported.

         The company maintains a $150 million business interruption insurance
policy to cover lost production revenue. Apache also has property damage
insurance totaling $350 million, after a $7.5 million deductible; $250 million
of this coverage is with a large mutual insurer of energy companies and is
subject to reduction depending on Katrina claims by other companies.

         With the restored production, Apache's Gulf Region is now flowing 87
percent of its normal gross operated gas volumes and 68 percent of its normal
gross operated oil volumes.

         



39490 8/29/2005 9/15/2005
Apache Reaches Out to Royalty Owners in Katrina-Affected Areas
2005-09-15 13:30:00 UTC
Apache Corporation (NYSE and Nasdaq: APA) said today that interest owners who have questions about delivery of royalty checks in areas impacted by Hurricane Katrina should contact the company's owner relations group.
"We know that mail service has been disrupted in many areas of Louisiana, Mississippi and Alabama," said Martha Cook, manager of owner relations. "If you have concerns about your royalty check, please contact us as soon as possible."
Interest owners may contact the Owner Relations group Monday through Thursday between 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. Central Time and 7:30 a.m. to 11:30 a.m. on Fridays at (713) 296-6970 or (800) 272-2434 or by e-mail at owner.relations@apachecorp.com .
The American Royalty Council, an organization representing royalty owners, is developing a directory of other companies' owner relations contact information on its Web site, http://www.americanroyaltycouncil.com .


29890 8/29/2005 8/30/2005
BP Foundation Contributes $1 Million to Hurricane Katrina Relief Effort
2005-08-30 22:00:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Aug. 30 /PRNewswire/ -- In response to the devastating effects of Hurricane Katrina on communities in Alabama, Louisiana, and Mississippi, BP announced that the BP Foundation has donated $1 million to the Red Cross and will also match the contributions of BP employees to the disaster relief effort.
The BP Foundation donation will be dedicated as follows: $500,000 for Louisiana $250,000 for Mississippi $100,000 for Alabama $150,000 at the discretion of the Red Cross
BP will also conduct an employee appeal inviting BP employees in the US to assist the Red Cross in responding to Hurricane Katrina. The BP Foundation will match employee contributions on a one-to-one basis.


29890 8/29/2005 9/2/2005
BP Establishes Phone Number For Employees Affected by Hurricane Katrina
2005-09-02 14:49:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 2 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/-- In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, BP America is asking that any affected employees in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and the panhandle of Florida call BP representatives at its 24-hour toll-free number, 1-866-850-7768, to let the company know of their current situations and to access humanitarian assistance for them and their families.
BP said it has about 1,000 employees in those areas hardest hit by Hurricane Katrina and all but some 30 of them have been accounted for.


29890 8/29/2005 9/2/2005
BP Increases Humanitarian Relief to $5 Million
2005-09-02 20:21:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 2 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- BP America has increased to $5 million its contribution to humanitarian relief efforts undertaken in response to the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina. This includes $1 million to be distributed to Houston area efforts to assist the thousands of evacuees moving into the area.
The American Red Cross, which received $1 million from the BP Foundation early this week, will receive an additional $1 million today. BP will also match employee donations to the Red Cross, and will match up to $1 million in donations made by its service station dealers and wholesalers across the country. BP employees gave $100,000 to the Red Cross in the first 48 hours of the employee pledge drive.
BP will provide the state of Louisiana with 100,000 gallons of diesel fuel to power emergency generators at shelters and hospitals and to help power the pumping systems installed to lower water levels in New Orleans.
"These are incredibly difficult times for the people made homeless by this terrible storm," said BP America's President & CEO Ross Pillari. "The Gulf Coast faces a long recovery. BP and its employees will continue to look for ways to support ongoing recovery needs."
BP has more than 1000 employees who live and work in the Gulf Coast states affected by the hurricane. BP has established a 24-hour hotline at 1-866-850-7768 to assist those employees in urgent need or who have yet to contact the company. The company has also put into place a program to help provide displaced employees with financial aid for housing and food and other essential needs.
In the Houston-Texas City area, which is home to about 7,500 BP staff, BP employees are working with near-by shelters to provide food and other needed supplies.


29890 8/29/2005 9/6/2005 
BP Increases Commitment to Relief for Katrina Victims
2005-09-06 21:52:00 UTC
WARRENVILLE, Ill., Sept. 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- In response to the escalating need for aid and assistance for victims of Hurricane Katrina, BP Foundation has increased its contribution to relief efforts to a total of $10 million. This builds on the $5 million commitment to hurricane relief announced by the Foundation last week.
The donation includes: * $2 million to American Red Cross * $1.5 million to Houston area hurricane relief programs * $2 million for matching contributions to Red Cross from employees, dealers and jobbers * $4 million to local community efforts in impacted communities * Diesel fuel donations in LA, MS
BP has more than 1000 employees who live and work in the Gulf Coast states affected by the hurricane. BP has established a 24-hour hotline at 1-866-850- 7768 to assist those employees in urgent need of assistance. The company has also established a program to provide displaced employees with financial aid for housing and food and other essential needs.


14541 8/29/2005 8/29/2005
Chevron Provides Update on Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-29 21:55:00 UTC
SAN RAMON, Calif., Aug. 29 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Chevron (NYSE: CVX) today announced that it safely evacuated all of its offshore employees and contractors from facilities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico prior to the approach of Hurricane Katrina. Chevron continues to produce some oil and natural gas in the Western Gulf of Mexico region.
Chevron's New Orleans office is temporarily closed and employees and contractors who work there were advised to follow evacuation recommendations made by government agencies where they reside.
As precautionary measures, the company's Pascagoula, Miss. refinery and its Oronite chemical plant in Belle Chasse, La. were both shut down and all personnel were evacuated prior to Katrina making landfall.
Chevron Pipe Line Company safely shut down pipeline facilities and evacuated employees on the Louisiana Gulf Coast ahead of Hurricane Katrina. As of noon Central Time today employees were able to start returning to facilities in the Lafayette, La. area.
Due to the effects of Hurricane Katrina our marketing organization is implementing volume controls at all of its supply terminals in the Eastern U.S. for motor gasoline and diesel until further notice. This will ensure that all our customers have continued access to ratable volumes.
Chevron will begin reconnaissance flights and damage assessments of all facilities in the affected area as soon as conditions permit safe aircraft operations. Teams are ready to deploy to assist with any recovery and remobilization operations as soon as it is safe and allowed by government officials.


14541 8/29/2005 8/30/2005
Chevron Commits $5 Million to Support Hurricane Katrina Relief Efforts
2005-08-30 23:54:00 UTC
SAN RAMON, Calif., Aug. 30 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) today announced it is making a commitment of $5 million to support recovery efforts in the communities affected by Hurricane Katrina. This includes a $3 million contribution to the American Red Cross in support of disaster relief efforts in Louisiana, Mississippi and other affected areas following further analysis of the devastation. The remaining $2 million will go to local charities and relief efforts near Chevron businesses in affected states, as determined by the Company.
"Our thoughts and prayers are with our employees and the communities affected by this disaster," said Dave O'Reilly, chairman and CEO of Chevron Corporation. "We are pleased to partner with the American Red Cross to provide aid and we will be evaluating opportunities to expand relief efforts near our businesses as we learn more about local needs."
"We are extremely grateful for Chevron's swift response, generosity and compassion," said Marty Evans, president and CEO of the American Red Cross. "The people of the Gulf Coast have a long and slow recovery ahead. Thanks to Chevron's help, the Red Cross will be able to get help to those who need it, for as long as it's needed."


14541 8/29/2005 8/30/2005
Chevron Reaches Out to Employees Impacted by Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-31 00:24:00 UTC
SAN RAMON, Calif., Aug. 30 /PRNewswire/ -- In the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina, Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) is asking that any affected employees in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama and the panhandle of Florida call the company at 1-800-334-3963 to let the company know of their current situations.
"Securing the health and well-being of our employees is our first and highest priority," said Peter Robertson, vice chairman of Chevron. "We are taking every available means to reach our employees in the impacted areas, all of which are experiencing communications challenges due to the storm."
Chevron said it has about 3,000 employees in those areas hardest hit by Hurricane Katrina. Earlier, the company reported that it had successfully evacuated all of its offshore employees and contractors from its facilities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.


14541 8/29/2005 9/6/2005
Chevron Updates Hurricane Impacts
2005-09-07 03:03:00 UTC
SAN RAMON, Calif., Sept. 6 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Chevron (NYSE: CVX) said today that the overwhelming majority of its 4,000 employees in the areas affected by Hurricane Katrina are safe and secure and that business resumption efforts are progressing. Prior to the hurricane, Chevron safely evacuated all of its employees and contractors from offshore facilities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.
The company said that well over 90 percent of its employees who work in refining and marketing operations or in onshore exploration and production offices have been contacted. Of the employees who work in association with offshore production facilities, more than 90 percent have been contacted, a task that is difficult given the work schedules and worldwide home locations of these employees. The company said it expects that this number should increase over the next few days as these employees report in for their upcoming work schedules.
To help account for its affected employees, Chevron set up an 800 number, used radio and web communications, and took out newspaper ads. Employees in Louisiana, Mississippi, Alabama or the Florida panhandle affected by Hurricane Katrina are being asked to call 1-800-334-3963 to report their whereabouts and well-being. An operator will take their information.
Upstream Update
One week after Hurricane Katrina hit the Gulf Coast, the company returned to 45 percent of its pre-Katrina production level.
Dave O'Reilly, chairman and chief executive officer of Chevron said, "We're very proud of our employees and contractors, many of whom were personally affected by the storm. They have achieved this accomplishment without a single recordable injury while working under extraordinary circumstances. We are continuing to work safely to bring more production online as soon as possible."
Aerial reconnaissance and more detailed onsite inspections indicate Chevron's major Gulf of Mexico deepwater oil and gas production facilities -- Genesis, Petronius and Typhoon -- did not sustain any significant damage. Genesis and Typhoon have been restaffed, and are producing oil and gas. Petronius is ready to produce once it is safe to export production to associated pipeline infrastructure, where the full extent of damage is still unknown.
Aerial reconnaissance indicates the vast majority of Chevron's oil and gas production facilities on the Gulf of Mexico Shelf were not significantly damaged. Personnel are restaffing these facilities and are working to safely bring more production online as soon as possible. Key to getting these facilities back in production will be the integrity of the oil and gas pipeline systems, onshore terminals, and plants.
A handful of Chevron's other offshore facilities suffered visual damage. Damage assessments are under way with the goal of bringing production back online as quickly as possible.
As to onshore facilities, Chevron's shore bases in Galveston, Texas, and Intracoastal City, La. are fully operational as is the company's aviation facility in Picayune, Miss. While its Leeville, La. shore base sustained some damage, it is capable of supporting some operations. The Venice, Louisiana shore base and a heliport located in Pascagoula, Miss. suffered significant damage and are not operational. These operations are now being conducted out of Theodore, Ala.
Chevron set up an Incident Command Center in Lafayette, La. to safely organize and manage hurricane response and recovery efforts, including coordination and cooperation with federal, state and local authorities that are involved in response and recovery efforts throughout the region.
Downstream Update
Initial assessments of Chevron's Pascagoula Refinery show that a dike built following Hurricane Georges in 1998 was successful in preventing catastrophic damage. The breached section of the dike is expected to be repaired this week, but it will be days before a full estimate of damage is known or when operations can be safely brought back online.
One of three Mississippi Power feeder lines was restored on Sept. 5, and limited power has returned to the Pascagoula Refinery. Generators are now in place to power the marketing terminal at the refinery, enabling the company to provide gasoline and diesel products for local emergency services as well as to the 25 Chevron and Texaco service stations that are now open in the Pascagoula area. The company also said that additional company-operated delivery trucks, sourced from California and Florida, are now in Mississippi to support the product resupply efforts.
Hurricane Katrina and the subsequent shutdown of the Colonial and Plantation pipelines have caused product shortages along those pipeline routes where Chevron has terminals and markets. Those pipelines have now begun operations, and Chevron is receiving product at its East Coast terminals. Both pipelines are important for Chevron to resupply its marketing terminals and tanks throughout the region. Chevron and governments at all levels are stressing the need for consumers to conserve fuel, power and other forms of energy as much as possible during this period.
Following the swift action of the various governors and the unprecedented Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) fuel specification waiver implemented last week, gasoline is being brought to supply markets in the East Coast region.
Preliminary information on the Pascagoula shipping channel near the company docks shows that impacts of Katrina were not significant and that the channel should be available soon for shipping traffic. Getting this channel open would allow the company to bring gasoline and diesel supplies into Pascagoula and beyond while refinery operations are being reestablished.
While the company is beginning to set up facilities to bring employees and contractors onsite, its priority remains setting up housing and supplying water, food and clothing. To this end, Chevron is opening an employee temporary housing facility within a few miles of the Pascagoula Refinery with beds for up to 1,500 refinery employees and their families whose homes were destroyed or severely damaged.
Humanitarian Assistance
To support Chevron employees and the communities in the impacted region, Chevron Corporation pledged an initial $5 million to Hurricane Katrina relief efforts -- a $3 million donation to the American Red Cross and an additional $2 million that will be provided to communities along the Gulf Coast. Chevron also helped supply about 2,100 cots, 79 pallets of blankets and hundreds of comfort kits to the relief staging area in Montgomery, Ala., as well as nearly 25,000 cases of water to relief centers with the help of Coca Cola and the nonprofit America's Second Harvest.
As part of its employee relief efforts, Chevron also established a system on its intranet to facilitate employee offers to help, including rooming accommodations for fellow employees left homeless by the hurricane. In addition, Chevron set up an employee Humanitarian Relief Fund, established to channel individual employee contributions to affected Chevron families.
Chevron's Employee Assistance Program also is being expanded to provide support and counseling services for employees and their family members.


14541 8/29/2005 9/19/2005
Chevron Reports All Employees Safe, Begins Product Imports at Pascagoula Refinery
2005-09-19 20:09:00 UTC
SAN RAMON, Calif., Sept. 19 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) said today that it has repaired a hurricane-damaged product berth at its Pascagoula, Miss., refinery and is now transporting refined product from Pascagoula to its Collins, Miss., terminal and to the Plantation Pipeline for delivery to terminals and markets in the southeastern United States.
The company received a cargo of 11.5 million gallons of regular grade gasoline on Friday, Sept. 16, from a European supplier. Chevron is prepared to import additional shipments of gasoline, diesel and jet fuel as needed to supply customers.
The company also confirmed that it has accounted for all of its approximately 3,700 employees in the areas affected by Hurricane Katrina.
"Chevron is grateful that all of its employees in the Gulf Coast region are safe and secure," Chevron Chairman and CEO David J. O'Reilly said. "We also are pleased that our business resumption efforts are progressing well. The ability to import product to Pascagoula represents significant progress in our efforts to improve the fuel supply situation and meet the needs of consumers until we are able to restart the refinery."
Upstream Update
Chevron has returned to 56 percent of its pre-Katrina production level in the Gulf of Mexico. The company continues to assess the status and condition of all of its upstream facilities in the Gulf region. In addition, Chevron continues to monitor new weather systems affecting the Gulf of Mexico and has begun evacuation of personnel from the Gulf of Mexico ahead of Tropical Storm Rita, which is standard operating procedure.
As previously reported, Chevron's major deepwater oil and natural gas production facilities -- Genesis, Typhoon and Petronius -- were not significantly damaged. Genesis and Typhoon have been restaffed and are producing oil and natural gas. Petronius is ready to resume production once export pipeline infrastructure is available.
"We are continuing to work safely to bring more production online as quickly as possible," said O'Reilly. "I am very proud of our organization and the commitment and determination our people have shown toward resuming operations under very challenging circumstances."
Most of the company's oil and natural gas production facilities on the Gulf of Mexico shelf were not significantly damaged. A key factor in getting all Gulf of Mexico fields back on production is the integrity of the oil and gas pipeline systems and onshore terminals and plants, especially gas processing plants serving gas transmission pipelines. The company's Empire and Fourchon pipeline terminals are nonoperational at this time.
Temporary offices for New Orleans-based employees are being established in Louisiana and Texas. The company's Gulf of Mexico office in New Orleans was moved temporarily to Lafayette, La., where the company continues to operate an Incident Command Center and coordinate response activities with federal, state and local authorities.
Downstream Update
Chevron continues to assess damage to the Pascagoula Refinery. The refinery is expected to commence the start-up process for a single train (a crude unit and associated conversion facilities) in mid-October with full operation in mid-November. Progress to date includes:
-- More than 1,000 employees and contractors are now working in the refinery, and full electrical power has been restored. -- A breached section of the dike surrounding the refinery was repaired the week of Sept 5. -- The return of industrial water service was completed the week of Sept. 12. -- With one refined product berth repaired, the focus now is on damage assessment and repair plans for crude oil berths. -- On Sept. 12, Chevron opened a temporary housing facility within a few miles of the Pascagoula Refinery. It provides enough beds for up to 1,100 refinery employees and their families who were displaced by Hurricane Katrina, as well as front-line relief workers and contractors helping with a safe start-up of the refinery.
The Environmental Protection Agency's extension last week of the fuel specification waiver is enabling the supply of gasoline to markets on the East Coast.
Chevron Oronite Company Update
Damage to Chevron Oronite's Oak Point lubricant and fuel additive manufacturing facility in Belle Chasse, La., appears to be moderate compared with the surrounding areas of New Orleans. The plant is temporarily shut down
to make necessary repairs and to ensure a safe work environment. Truck and rail transportation remain the critical components for receiving raw materials and shipping product. Limited blending and shipping operations are expected to begin the week of Sept. 19, dependent upon road access to the facility. Safety and the Environment
Our priority continues to be the safe and incident-free resumption of operations. Chevron also is focused on minimizing environmental impacts associated with damaged facilities as well as debris removal from critical infrastructure locations. The company has aggressive oil recovery operations under way at its Empire and Fourchon pipeline terminals. Teams of specially trained emergency response personnel are working to contain and clean up spill areas, the plans for which are occurring under the approval of the appropriate federal and state environmental agencies.
Humanitarian Assistance
In addition to the $5 million commitment to Hurricane Katrina relief efforts ($3 million to the American Red Cross and $2 million to be provided directly to relief organizations working in communities along the Gulf Coast), Chevron announced that it will match employee contributions to the Chevron
Humanitarian Relief Fund. This fund will channel money directly to Chevron employees affected by the hurricane. Chevron will match employee contributions made to the Humanitarian Relief Fund on a one-to-one basis from Aug. 29 through Nov. 30, 2005, with no cap on the matching funds that the company will provide.
The company already has made significant local community relief support funding available, including:
-- a $150,000 contribution for water delivery to impacted Gulf Coast communities, working through America's Second Harvest; -- a $50,000 contribution to the Coast Guard Foundation Disaster Relief Fund to provide food, water, clothing and emergency housing for the 2,200 active duty Coast Guard personnel and their families affected by the disaster; -- an aggregate of $450,000 in contributions to school districts in Pascagoula, Miss.; Lafayette, La.; and Houston, Tx., to provide educational, social and medical support for evacuated students; -- an aggregate of $550,000 in contributions to general relief agencies such as the United Way for Plaquemines Parish, La., and Jackson County, Miss., as well as to Spindletop Charities in Houston, Tx.; -- $250,000 to the Bacot/Jolly P. McCarty Foundation in Mississippi for general recovery efforts and volunteer relief support.
There are also multiple, ongoing employee relief efforts under way including:
-- temporary housing facilities for employees and their families were opened near the Pascagoula Refinery and the Oak Point Oronite plant. The company also is establishing modular temporary housing complexes for employees and their families near Lafayette, La., and Picayune, Miss. -- employees have held fund-raising drives, opened their homes to those needing a place to stay and participated in community drives with local agencies to collect food, clothing and other basic supplies. -- Chevron's mobile barbecue, staffed with employee volunteers, served approximately 20,000 meals to evacuees, security staff and volunteers at the Houston Astrodome during the week of Sept. 12.
Chevron will continue to work with government and nongovernmental organizations and social service agencies to aid in relief and rebuilding efforts.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION FOR THE PURPOSE OF "SAFE HARBOR" PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995
This press release of Chevron Corporation contains forward-looking statements relating to Chevron's operations that are based on management's current expectations, estimates and projections about the petroleum, chemicals and other energy-related industries. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "targets," "projects," "believes," "seeks," "estimates" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors, some of which are beyond our control and are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this release. Unless legally required, Chevron undertakes no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.


14541 9/24/2005 9/26/2005
Chevron Updates Activities in Gulf Region After Hurricane Rita
2005-09-26 12:00:00 UTC
SAN RAMON, Calif., Sept. 26 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Chevron Corporation (NYSE: CVX) has begun moving refined products to retailers in Texas and Louisiana and is actively assessing the effects to its operations in the Gulf of Mexico region following Hurricane Rita.
Chevron's refined products terminal at Galena Park, Tx., was closed prior to the storm but re-opened to tanker truck service mid-day Saturday. The facility is operating around-the-clock to transfer more than 1.2 million gallons of motor vehicle fuels per day to more than 450 service stations within a 100-mile radius of Houston.
Chevron is assessing off-shore oil and natural gas production facilities as weather permits. Initial assessments have revealed that the Typhoon tension leg platform (located in 2,000 feet of water in the Green Canyon area approximately 165 miles south-southwest of New Orleans) was severed from its mooring and suffered severe damage during the storm. The facility has been located and is being secured. Chevron has mobilized appropriate resources to address any environmental concerns. No employees are at risk. Prior to the storm, the company safely evacuated employees and contractors from the U.S. Gulf of Mexico facilities. Decisions on when production can be restarted from the company's other offshore facilities will be made when the post-storm assessments are concluded.
Reports of a gas leak in the proximity of the Henry Hub facility located in southwestern Louisiana were investigated by emergency response personnel. Two separate natural gas releases were located and secured, neither of which was sourced from Chevron's Sabine Pipe Line Company or Henry Hub.
The company also advises that its Houston offices will be closed on Monday, Sept. 26, but will re-open on Tuesday, Sept. 27. However, the company is advising employees who left Houston during the evacuation to follow plans laid out by public officials regarding their attempted return to the city.
Chevron has set up a toll-free telephone number to help employees affected by Hurricane Rita to let the company know of their current situations. Any employees affected by the storm in Houston and the Texas gulf region are asked to contact the company by calling 1-800-334-3963.


11850 8/29/2005 8/30/2005
ExxonMobil Commits $2 Million for Disaster Relief Efforts in Aftermath of Hurricane Katrina
2005-08-30 22:10:00 UTC
IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 30, 2005--Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) today announced that it is contributing $2 million to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund to assist relief efforts arising from Hurricane Katrina. The Disaster Relief Fund provides food, shelter, counseling and other assistance to the victims of this disaster and thousands of other disasters across the country each year.
"This immediate assistance will support relief efforts in the most impacted areas. Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and loved ones of those impacted by this and with the survivors as they begin putting their lives back in order," said Lee Raymond, chairman and CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation.
"Thanks to ExxonMobil's extremely generous gift, the Red Cross is working to meet the challenge of the largest single natural disaster response in our history," said Marsha J. Evans, President and CEO of the American Red Cross. "Their gift will touch the lives of thousands in the coming weeks and months."
In addition to the financial support, ExxonMobil is providing in-kind fuels and lubricants to government emergency responders.


11850 8/29/2005 9/1/2005
ExxonMobil Increases Hurricane Assistance to More Than $7 Million
2005-09-01 20:02:00 UTC
IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 1, 2005--ExxonMobil is committing an additional $5 million in direct contributions to Hurricane Katrina relief efforts, bringing total contributions to more than $7 million.
"Many ExxonMobil employees and families have been impacted by this terrible disaster, the full extent of which is still being assessed," said Lee Raymond, chairman and CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM). "Our hope is that this additional funding will bring needed relief to the families and their loved ones in communities facing unprecedented challenges in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina."
Communities that have opened their arms to assist in relief efforts will receive $5 million in grants through local and national agencies working in those cities. On August 30, ExxonMobil immediately committed $2 million to the American Red Cross Disaster Relief Fund as well as in-kind assistance to government agencies in the form of fuel and lubricants.
For employees impacted by the hurricane, ExxonMobil has established an assistance program which includes interest-free emergency loans, advances in salary, paid time off to attend to personal needs, and access to temporary transportation assistance. Employees should call the toll-free assistance line (877-294-8617) or their immediate supervisor for additional information.


11850 8/29/2005 9/2/2005
ExxonMobil to Increase Gasoline Supply to U.S. Gulf Coast
2005-09-02 18:22:00 UTC
IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 2, 2005--ExxonMobil's second largest U.S. refinery, located in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, will be increasing the production of gasoline and other fuel products over the next several days and will promptly ramp-up production rates further as crude supply from the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port (LOOP) and other sources increase above today's levels. This will help ease customer demands in regions hit hardest by Hurricane Katrina.
The U.S. Department of Energy has approved ExxonMobil's request for a loan of up to 6 million barrels of oil from the nation's Strategic Petroleum Reserve to help ExxonMobil gain access to additional crude supplies at Baton Rouge. Over the past several days the company has coordinated with governments, industry and utilities to restore power to industry pipelines and Mississippi River marine transportation so that crude can be delivered to the refinery. Increasing production at ExxonMobil's Baton Rouge refinery should have significant positive impacts to customers.
The next step is to work with industry to restore pipeline transportation to increase product supplies in areas affected by the hurricane. This has been difficult due to the outage of the Colonial and Plantation Pipeline systems. Plantation Pipeline is now reportedly open at near full capacity.
Over the past several days, heightened price volatility and uncertain gasoline supplies associated with this major natural disaster have created an extremely difficult situation for ExxonMobil's customers. Demand at the company's Exxon and Mobil stations has nearly doubled. Wholesale spot market and NYMEX gasoline prices have risen substantially in the U.S. and around the world.
ExxonMobil is making branded fuel available to its independent retailers and distributors at wholesale prices below the spot market and NYMEX gasoline prices. The vast majority of Exxon and Mobil service stations are operated by individual dealers and distributors who purchase their fuel products from ExxonMobil and set their own retail prices.
The company encourages its independent dealers and distributors to act as responsible neighbors in their communities in this difficult situation.
ExxonMobil also urges motorists to continue to be prudent in their purchases. For example, frequent "topping off" of tanks will only create artificial shortages.


11850 8/29/2005 9/2/2005
ExxonMobil Pledges $250,000 to Dallas Red Cross Chapter as Part of Total $7 Million Commitment for Hurricane Assistance
2005-09-02 21:42:00 UTC
IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 2, 2005--ExxonMobil has committed $250,000 to the Dallas Area Chapter of the American Red Cross to assist victims of Hurricane Katrina that have arrived in North Texas.
This grant is part of the $7 million ExxonMobil has committed to Hurricane Katrina relief efforts. ExxonMobil has also provided in-kind assistance to government agencies in the form of fuel and lubricants.
"Many ExxonMobil employees and families have been impacted by this terrible disaster, the full extent of which is still being assessed," said Lee Raymond, chairman and CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation. "Our hope is that this additional funding will bring needed relief to the families and their loved ones in communities facing unprecedented challenges in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina."
According to the Dallas Area Chapter of the American Red Cross, approximately 25,000 victims of Hurricane Katrina will be seeking refuge in North Texas. In addition to the monetary donation, ExxonMobil employees in the Dallas area are collecting necessary supplies for local agencies serving evacuees.
For employees impacted by the hurricane, ExxonMobil has established an assistance program which includes interest-free emergency loans, advances in salary, paid time off to attend to personal needs, and access to temporary transportation assistance. Employees should call the toll-free assistance line (877-294-8617) or their immediate supervisor for additional information.


11850 8/29/2005 9/6/2005
ExxonMobil Donates $1 Million to Houston Red Cross Chapter and United Way Katrina Relief Fund; Part of Total $7 Million Commitment for Hurricane Assistance
2005-09-06 22:53:00 UTC
HOUSTON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 6, 2005--Exxon Mobil Corporation has pledged $500,000 each to the American Red Cross Houston Area Chapter and the new United Way Katrina Relief Fund to aid victims of Hurricane Katrina now in the Houston area. The $1 million grant is part of the $7 million ExxonMobil has committed to Hurricane Katrina efforts.
"This tragic event has impacted all of us," said Morris Foster, president, ExxonMobil Production Company. "We are deeply concerned about the devastation caused by Hurricane Katrina and hope that this funding will help in addressing the many needs of the evacuees currently residing in the Houston area."
In addition to the $1 million grant, many of the more than 16,000 ExxonMobil employees and retirees in the Houston area are volunteering their time at area shelters as well as collecting supplies for local agencies serving the evacuees.
For ExxonMobil employees affected by the hurricane, ExxonMobil has established an assistance program which includes interest-free emergency loans, advances in salary, paid time off to attend to personal needs and access to temporary transportation assistance. Employees should call the toll-free assistance line (877-294-8617) or their immediate supervisor for additional information.


11850 8/29/2005 9/7/2005
ExxonMobil Announces Hurricane Katrina Matching Fund
2005-09-07 21:19:00 UTC
IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 7, 2005--As the unprecedented devastation of Hurricane Katrina continues to unfold, ExxonMobil today announced a Hurricane Katrina Matching Program for contributions by employees, retirees, surviving spouses, dealers and distributors worldwide.
This effort is in addition to the more than $7 million already committed by the company.
ExxonMobil will provide a one-to-one match of individual contributions up to $50,000 made through December 31, 2005, to the organizations (listed below) that are positioned to provide disaster relief and recovery assistance across the entire affected area. Each organization has its own area of focus:
-- American Red Cross (emergency response); -- Americares (essential medical supplies and personnel); -- America's Second Harvest (food to relief agencies and food banks); and -- Bush-Clinton Katrina Fund (recovery and reconstruction efforts). For further details, see www.exxonmobil.com. 


11850 8/29/2005 9/27/2005
ExxonMobil Commits $3 Million for Disaster Relief Efforts in Aftermath of Hurricane Rita
2005-09-27 16:29:00 UTC
IRVING, Texas--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sept. 27, 2005--Exxon Mobil Corporation (NYSE:XOM) announced today that it is committing $3 million in direct contributions to Hurricane Rita relief and recovery efforts. This includes $1 million to the Texas Disaster Relief Fund initiated by Governor Rick Perry to provide immediate assistance to citizens in need as a result of Hurricane Rita and $1 million to the Emergency Relief Fund for Hurricane Rita Recovery for local relief efforts in the Jefferson County, Texas area which covers the communities of Beaumont, Port Arthur and Sabine Pass. The remaining funds will be contributed to other agencies participating in hurricane relief and recovery efforts. Including cash and in-kind contributions related to Hurricane Katrina, ExxonMobil has committed in excess of $13 million for relief efforts related to these two storms.
"Many communities, as well as ExxonMobil employees and families, have been impacted by yet another natural disaster, the full extent of which is still being assessed," said Lee Raymond, chairman and CEO of Exxon Mobil Corporation. "Our thoughts and prayers are with our employees and the communities facing difficult challenges in the aftermath of Hurricane Rita."
In addition to the direct company contribution for Hurricane Rita relief and recovery, ExxonMobil also announced that its previously announced hurricane relief matching program for employees, retirees, surviving spouses, dealers and distributors worldwide will be extended until March 31, 2006. The ExxonMobil Hurricane Relief Matching Program will provide a one-to-one match of individual contributions up to $50,000 to specific organizations that are positioned to provide hurricane relief and recovery assistance across the affected areas.
In addition to the financial support, ExxonMobil continues to donate fuel to emergency responders through its fuel donation program. This program is designed to assist "first responders" in the impacted areas in Texas and Louisiana in those limited, extraordinary circumstances where traditional suppliers or FEMA cannot accommodate the fuel needs of the "first responders." "First Responders" include police, fire and rescue squads, and hospital and medical facilities that are providing first response rescue efforts and are addressing critical community needs.
For further details of ExxonMobil's response to Hurricane's Katrina and Rita, see www.exxonmobil.com.


90793 9/24/2005 9/26/2005
Shell Deliveries Top 3.4 Million Gallons, 60 Percent of Shell Stations With Fuel
2005-09-27 00:26:00 UTC
HOUSTON, Sept. 26 /PRNewswire/ -- Shell Oil Products US and Motiva Enterprises LLC are reporting that 60 percent of Shell-branded stations in the Houston area have gasoline and that the number increases every hour. Since Saturday morning, shortly after the storm, Shell and Motiva employees have been working around the clock to ensure there is a supply of fuel for people returning to the city. As a result of these efforts, more than 386 tanker loads or 3.4 million gallons of fuel have been shipped to strategic station locations across the greater Houston area and along return routes from Dallas, Austin and San Antonio since Saturday. The companies will continue to deliver fuel this evening with at least 70 deliveries scheduled between now and midnight. Additionally, Shell and Motiva continue to work with local authorities to ensure fuel supply for emergency vehicles across the impacted areas.
In the Aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and Hurricane Rita, the companies continue efforts to repair and reopen facilities that were impacted. Additionally, as the industry works to return to normal operations, Shell and Motiva continue to monitor production and existing supply levels in order to help ensure a consistent supply of fuel at stations across the country. We support local officials' requests to consumers to conserve fuel and avoid unnecessary driving. Drivers can access storm updates along with fuel conservation tips from Shell and Motiva by clicking on "Storm updates" at http://www.shell.com/us .


22111 1/31/2005 2/18/2005
Johnson & Johnson and Guidant Corporation Will Respond to Federal Trade Commission's Request For Information

2005-02-18 19:39:00 UTC
NEW BRUNSWICK, N.J., and INDIANAPOLIS, Feb. 18 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) and Guidant Corporation (NYSE: GDT) today announced that they received an anticipated Request for Additional Information (Second Request) from the Federal Trade Commission (FTC). Both companies are still targeting regulatory approvals and closing of the acquisition during the third quarter of 2005.


90751 12/1/2005 12/8/2005
Item 1. Legal Proceedings.
On March 8, 2005, RVI announced that it had learned of the theft of credit card and other purchase information from a portion of DSW customers. On April 18, 2005, RVI issued the findings from its investigation into the theft. The theft took place primarily over two weeks and covered all customers who made purchases at 108 DSW stores, primarily during a three-month period from mid-November 2004 to mid-February 2005. Transaction information involving approximately 1.4 million credit cards was obtained. For each card, the stolen information included credit card or debit card numbers, name and transaction amount. In addition, data from transactions involving approximately 96,000 checks were stolen. In these cases, checking account numbers and driver’s license numbers were obtained.
The Company has contacted and is cooperating with law enforcement and other authorities with regard to this matter. To mitigate potential negative effects on its business and financial performance, the Company is working with credit card companies and issuers and has contacted as many of its affected customers as possible. In addition, the Company worked with a leading computer security firm to minimize the risk of any further data theft. The Company is involved in several legal proceedings arising out of this incident that, after consultation with counsel, it believes will not exceed the reserves the Company has currently recorded.
In connection with this matter, the Company entered into a proposed consent order with the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), which has jurisdiction over consumer protection matters. The FTC published the proposed order for public comment on December 1, 2005, and copies of the complaint and consent order are available from the FTC’s Web site at http://www.ftc.gov and also from the FTC’s Consumer Response Center, Room 130, 600 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Washington, D.C. 20580. The public comment period expires on January 2, 2006.
The Company has not admitted any wrongdoing or that the facts alleged in the FTC’s proposed unfairness complaint are true. Under the consent order as proposed, DSW will pay no fine or damages. DSW has agreed, however, to maintain a comprehensive information security program, much of which was put in place shortly after DSW first learned of the theft, and to undergo a biannual assessment of such program by an independent third party.
There can be no assurance that there will not be additional proceedings or claims brought against the Company in the future. We have contested and will continue to vigorously contest the claims made against us and will continue to explore our defenses and possible claims against others.
As of October 29, 2005, the Company estimates that the potential exposure for losses related to this theft, including exposure under currently pending proceedings, ranges from approximately $6.5 million to approximately $9.5 million. Because of many factors, including the early development of information regarding the theft and recoverability under insurance policies, there is no amount in the estimated range that represents a better estimate than any other amount in the range. Therefore, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard No. 5, Accounting for Contingencies, the Company has accrued a charge to operations in the first quarter of fiscal 2005 equal to the low end of the range set forth above. As the situation develops and more information becomes available, the amount of the reserve may increase or decrease accordingly. The amount of any such change may be material.
Although difficult to quantify, since the announcement of the theft, the Company has not discerned any material negative effect on sales trends it believes is attributable to the theft. However, this may not be indicative of the long-term developments regarding this matter


17005 1/12/2012 1/12/2012 
FTC Ends Investigation of CVS Caremark
2012-01-12 16:33:17 UTC
WOONSOCKET, R.I., Jan. 12, 2012 /PRNewswire/ -- CVS Caremark Corporation (NYSE: CVS) announced today that the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has concluded its investigation under the Federal Trade Commission Act into the company's business practices. The investigation has resulted in CVS Caremark entering into a consent order that relates to certain business practices of a subsidiary of Longs Drug Stores Corporation, which took place prior to the acquisition of Longs by CVS Caremark in October 2008. There were no allegations of antitrust law violations or anti-competitive behavior related to CVS Caremark's business practices or its products or service offerings. In addition, the Company has received a formal letter from the FTC closing all other aspects of the investigation.
Pursuant to the consent order, CVS Caremark will deposit $5 million into a fund that will be used to compensate consumers who purchased coverage for the 2008 plan year from a Medicare Part D Prescription Drug Plan sponsored by Rx America, a subsidiary of Longs. The fund is being established as a result of Rx America inadvertently posting on a website maintained by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) inaccurate pricing information for certain generic drugs. In addition, CVS Caremark agreed on a go forward basis to refrain from making any misrepresentations regarding drug pricing information relating to affiliate sponsored Medicare Part D plans. The consent order will be published in the Federal Register and is subject to comment for 30 days.
"CVS Caremark is pleased to have reached an agreement with the FTC that ends the investigation and enables us to continue our focus on offering unique, innovative products and services that differentiate us and benefit consumers," said Larry Merlo, President and Chief Executive Officer of CVS Caremark. "We remain committed to delivering the best possible pharmacy care by driving down health care costs, expanding consumer access and improving health care outcomes.
"During the course of this two year investigation, our company cooperated fully with the FTC and provided to the government millions of documents as well as access to numerous members of our management team who participated in voluntary interviews and depositions," said Douglas A. Sgarro, Executive Vice President and Chief Legal Officer of CVS Caremark. "It is important to note that, at the conclusion of this comprehensive investigation, the FTC made no allegations of antitrust law violations or anti-competitive behavior associated with any of our business practices, products or service offerings."


90020 1/30/2012 1/30/2012
Asset Acceptance Capital Corp. Announces FTC Consent Decree
Warren, Mich., January 30, 2012 – Asset Acceptance Capital Corp. (NASDAQ: AACC), a leading purchaser and collector of charged-off consumer debt, announced today that its subsidiary, Asset Acceptance, LLC, has resolved an FTC investigation of the Company’s practices under the Federal Trade Commission Act, Fair Debt Collection Practices Act and Fair Credit Reporting Act. As part of the consent decree Asset Acceptance, LLC has agreed to undertake industry-leading consumer protection practices and to pay a civil penalty of $2.5 million. The consent decree ends an FTC investigation begun in February 2006, without any admission by Asset Acceptance of the FTC’s claims. The Company does not expect the operational requirements of the consent decree to have a material adverse effect on its business.
Rion Needs, President & CEO, stated “Asset Acceptance is an industry leader in the amount of information we give consumers. This agreement gives consumers even more visibility into how we will work with them and sets new standards for the industry. We are pleased to have this matter behind us, and to have clarity on the FTC’s policies and expectations of the debt collection industry. As we have already implemented many of the requirements of the consent decree, we now welcome the opportunity to work with the FTC to make these measures the new standards in debt collection.”
The Company had previously recorded accruals related to the $2.5 million settlement of $1,250,000 in the fourth quarter of 2010 and $1,250,000 in the third quarter of 2011. For more information on the consent decree, please visit www.AssetAcceptance.com for a list of frequently asked questions.


86949 5/16/2012 5/16/2012 
SKECHERS Announces Global Settlement in Advertising Cases
• The Company believes the settlement will result in substantial net savings over the exorbitant long-term cost of defending against multiple legal proceedings brought by federal and state regulators and private consumer class actions lawyers.
• The Company will not pay any fines or penalties.
• The Company continues to stand behind its toning technology.
MANHATTAN BEACH, Calif.—(BUSINESS WIRE)—May. 16, 2012— Skechers USA, Inc. (NYSE:SKX) today announced that it has settled all domestic legal proceedings relating to advertising claims made in connection with marketing its toning shoe products, including its Shape-ups® line of shoes. As discussed in the Company’s previous annual report filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company has been involved in legal proceedings brought by the United States Federal Trade Commission, multiple states’ Attorneys General and consumer class action lawyers, all investigating whether or alleging that the Company made unsupported advertising claims in connection with marketing its toning shoes. As previously disclosed in the Company’s annual and quarterly reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Company will pay a one-time settlement of $45 million dollars plus $5 million in class action attorneys’ fees to settle the domestic advertising matters and related claims on a global basis.

Skechers denies the allegations and believes its advertising was appropriate, but has decided to settle these claims in order to avoid protracted legal proceedings. The one-time settlement is expected to result in substantial net savings for the Company compared to the significant long-term cost of defending against multiple regulatory and civil legal proceedings in numerous jurisdictions. The Company will not be paying any fines or penalties.

“While we vigorously deny the allegations made in these legal proceedings and looked forward to vindicating these claims in court, Skechers could not ignore the exorbitant cost and endless distraction of several years spent defending multiple lawsuits in multiple courts across the country,” said David Weinberg, the Company’s Chief Financial Officer. “This settlement will dispose once and for all of the regulatory and class action proceedings. While we believe we could have prevailed in each of these cases, to do so would have imposed an unreasonable burden on the Company regardless of the outcome.”

Mr. Weinberg continued: “Our Company’s goal has always been and will continue to be designing and selling quality, affordable shoes for our loyal customers. In short, we settled to avoid the cost and distraction of protracted legal battles so we could get back to doing what we do best.”

Shoes that employ toning technology have been sold in the United States for more than 15 years and have been the subject of numerous research projects with at least 19 reports published in peer-reviewed clinical and sports medicine journals. Researchers from around the world have analyzed various models of toning shoes and found demonstrable fitness benefits from walking and standing in such shoes, as compared to flat-bottomed athletic footwear.

The settlement strictly relates to certain advertising and related claims and does not prevent or prohibit Skechers from making and selling the toning shoes, which the Company will continue to do. “The Company fully stands behind its toning shoe products and technology and is permitted under the settlement to continue to advertise that wearing rocker-bottom shoes like Shape-ups can lead to increased leg muscle activation, increased calorie burn, improved posture and reduced back pain,” said Michael Greenberg, President of Skechers. Mr. Greenberg continued, “The Company has received overwhelmingly enthusiastic feedback from literally thousands of customers who have tried our toning shoes for themselves and have written unsolicited testimonials about their positive experiences—not just with our products’ exercise benefits, but also with their well known comfort and style. We remain committed to the continued development of our toning shoe products, and will continue to deliver quality products that our customers love.”


91392 6/26/2012 7/25/2012
10.
Commitments and Contingencies
The Company is involved in claims, legal proceedings and governmental inquiries related to the Company’s business.
Wyndham Worldwide Corporation Litigation
The Company is involved in claims, legal and regulatory proceedings and governmental inquiries arising in the ordinary course of its business including but not limited to: for its lodging business—breach of contract, fraud and bad faith claims between franchisors and franchisees in connection with franchise agreements and with owners in connection with management contracts; negligence, breach of contract, fraud, employment, consumer protection and other statutory claims asserted in connection with alleged acts or occurrences at franchised or managed properties; for its vacation exchange and rentals business—breach of contract, fraud and bad faith claims by affiliates and customers in connection with their respective agreements; negligence, breach of contract, fraud, consumer protection and other statutory claims asserted by members and guests for alleged injuries sustained at affiliated resorts and vacation rental properties; for its vacation ownership business—breach of contract, bad faith, conflict of interest, fraud, consumer protection and other statutory claims by property owners' associations, owners and prospective owners in connection with the sale or use of VOIs or land, or the management of vacation ownership resorts; construction defect claims relating to vacation ownership units or resorts; and negligence, breach of contract, fraud, consumer protection and other statutory claims by guests for alleged injuries sustained at vacation ownership units or resorts; and for each of its businesses, bankruptcy proceedings involving efforts to collect receivables from a debtor in bankruptcy; employment matters which may include claims of retaliation discrimination, harassment and wage and hour claims; claims of infringement upon third parties' intellectual property rights, claims relating to information security, privacy, consumer protection, tax claims and environmental claims.

On June 26, 2012, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission ("FTC") filed a lawsuit in Federal District Court for the District of Arizona against the Company and its subsidiaries, Wyndham Hotel Group, LLC, Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc. and Wyndham Hotel Management Inc., alleging unfairness and deception-based violations of Section 5 of the FTC Act in connection with three prior data breach incidents involving a group of Wyndham brand hotels.  The Company disputes the allegations in the lawsuit and is defending this lawsuit vigorously.  The Company does not expect that the outcome of this litigation will be material to the Company.
The Company records an accrual for legal contingencies when it determines, after consultation with outside counsel, that it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. In making such determinations, the Company evaluates, among other things, the degree of probability of an unfavorable outcome and, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred, the Company’s ability to make a reasonable estimate of loss. The Company reviews these accruals each reporting period and makes revisions based on changes in facts and circumstances including changes to its strategy in dealing with these matters.
The Company believes that it has adequately accrued for such matters with reserves of $33 million and $35 million as of June 30, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. Such amount is exclusive of matters relating to the Company’s separation from its former Parent (“Separation”). For matters not requiring accrual, the Company believes that such matters will not have a material effect on its results of operations, financial position or cash flows based on information currently available.
Cendant Litigation
Under the Separation agreement, the Company agreed to be responsible for 37.5% of certain of Cendant’s contingent and other corporate liabilities and associated costs, including certain contingent litigation. Since the Separation, Cendant settled the majority of the lawsuits pending on the date of the Separation.


60097 3/27/2009 3/27/2009
FDA Classifies Medtronic Voluntary February Recall for BioGlide® Ventricular Snap Shunt Catheters (Models 27782, 27708 and 27802) as Class I
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE -- MINNEAPOLIS – March. 27, 2009 – Medtronic, Inc. (NYSE: MDT) announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) classified as Class I its voluntary recall action initiated on February 11, 2009 of its BioGlide® Ventricular Snap Shunt Catheter (Cat. #s 27782, 27708 and 27802) – the cerebral ventricular catheter component of a shunt for the treatment of hydrocephalus. FDA defines Class I recalls as, "a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death." This recall action (applicable to units in the United States, Ireland and Australia) involved the retrieval of unused product and safety notification of implanted product of these three catalog numbers of Medtronic Cerebral Ventricular Catheters. Approximately 3,000 catheters have been distributed between 2002 and 2009. It is estimated that there are 300 unused catheters.
As of March 18, 2009, Medtronic completed contact with all users of these catheters. This was completed by visit from its field personnel delivering the recall notification and to retrieve unused products. In addition, Medtronic has notified all its U.S. customers even though they may not have received the affected product. Patients with the implanted shunt system not experiencing symptoms of shunt malfunction should continue to be managed under the standard patient management protocols. If a disconnection occurs,
Patients may present with a return of the symptoms of hydrocephalus and should be assessed in accordance with standard of care for assessment of shunt malfunction.
The recall involved the following models:
Innervision Snap Shunt Ventricular Catheter, BioGlide®, Catalog Number 27782
Snap Shunt Ventricular Catheter, BioGlide®, Catalog Number 27802
Snap Shunt Ventricular Catheter, BioGlide®, Catalog Number 27708
It has been determined from nine reports of disconnected catheters requiring revision surgery, that the listed ventricular catheters may become detached from the snap base assembly after implantation and that this condition may increase the need for emergency revision surgery. There have been no reports of patient death or permanent serious injury as a result of this issue.
Consequences for a patient with failure of a ventricular catheter may include: nausea, vomiting, headache, lethargy, change in mental status, seizures, visual disturbance, and other more serious conditions. Patients with questions are encouraged to talk with their physician or contact Medtronic Patient Services at 1-800-510-6735, Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. CDT. Physicians with medical questions related to this issue or Medtronic therapies should contact Medtronic at 1-800-328-0810, Monday – Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. CDT.
Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems can also be reported to the FDA’s MedWatch Program by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088, by Fax at 1-800-FDA-0178, by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA, 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787, or on the MedWatch website at www.fda.gov/medwatch11.


60097 10/29/2010 10/29/2010
Classifies Previous Field Action of Medtronic Surgical Device as Class I Recall
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - October 29, 2010 - Minneapolis - Medtronic, Inc. (NYSE: MDT) today announced the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified the company's previous action related to the Octopus® Nuvo Tissue Stabilizer as a Class I recall. FDA classifies a recall as Class I when the agency believes that there is a reasonable probability that use of the recalled product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death. On Sept. 14, 2010, Medtronic proactively and voluntarily recalled the device from the market due to the potential that a component of the device could fracture during use. The resulting potential hazards are that fragments of the component could fall into the patient's chest cavity and/or damage the heart tissue. Medtronic has received two reports of device failure occurring during patient use, which required retrieval of device fragments from the surgical wound; neither event resulted in permanent impairment or death.
Healthcare facilities should immediately discontinue use of the device and return all unused Octopus Nuvo Tissue Stabilizer devices to Medtronic. No action is required of patients, as any adverse event related to the disposable device would have occurred at the time of surgery.
All Octopus Nuvo Tissue Stabilizer devices are affected; no other models in the Octopus family of products are affected by this recall.
Five?hundred and seventy?one devices have been distributed to healthcare facilities in the U.S., Europe and Canada. All affected healthcare facilities have been notified, and Medtronic is in the process of working with them to retrieve all remaining devices. The FDA has been apprised of this action.
Physicians and healthcare facilities can direct questions to their Medtronic representative or contact the CardioVascular Lifeline for technical services, Monday through Friday during business hours, at 1?877?526?7890. Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems also should be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Program by phone at 1?800?FDA?1088, by Fax at 1?800?FDA?0178, by mail at MedWatch, HF?2, FDA, 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852?9787, or on the MedWatch website at www.fda.gov/medwatch11.



92988 10/15/2010 10/15/2010
Carefusion Recall of Alaris PC Units Model 8015 Classified as Class I Recall
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - October 15, 2010 - San Diego - CareFusion (NYSE: CFN), a leading global medical device company, issued the following update regarding its previously disclosed recall of approximately 17,000 Alaris® PC units model 8015 manufactured or serviced between December 2008 and September 2009. The FDA has classified this action as a Class I recall. A Class I recall is a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death
On August 24, 2010, the company sent an urgent Medical Device Recall Notification to customers of its Alaris PC unit model 8015 stating that under certain wireless network conditions, affected units may experience an intermittent communication error, which freezes the PC unit screen. This error may result in a delay of therapy and inability to make programming changes to current infusions. If the communication error occurs during infusion, infusion continues on all channels, as originally programmed, but cannot be modified. When this error occurs, stopping the infusion to make any modification or programming changes causes the PC unit to shut down with a delay in therapy, which could lead to a serious injury or death.
In the notification letter, customers were provided clinical tip sheets and informed of warning tags for each of the affected units. Customers were also given instructions on how to temporarily or permanently disable the wireless mode of the PC unit setting to further mitigate the risk. This information is available at: http://www.carefusion.com/customer-support/alerts/alaris/medical-device-recall-alaris-8015.aspx11
CareFusion is conducting a field corrective action to update the hardware on affected PC units.

The company recorded a reserve in its 2010 fiscal fourth quarter for all actions related to the corrective action plan and continues to believe the amount to be sufficient to fulfill its remediation obligations. The voluntary recall only affects Alaris PC units model 8015 manufactured or serviced between December 2008 and Sept. 2009 and therefore, has no affect on the company's current infusion pump production or shipping processes.
Instructions to customers
Customer inquiries related to this action should be addressed to the CareFusion recall center at 888-562-6018. Additional information about the recall, including serial numbers of affected devices, can be found at http://www.carefusion.com/customer-support/alerts/alaris/medical-device-recall-alaris-8015.aspx12
Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems should also be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Program: by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787; by phone at 1-800-332-1088; by Fax at 1-800.FDA.0178 or at www.fda.gov/medwatch13.


92988 10/15/2010 11/4/2010
NOTE 11. COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES
In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages, investigations relating to governmental laws and regulations and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. We assess contingencies to determine the degree of probability and range of possible loss for potential accrual in our financial statements. An estimated loss contingency is accrued in our financial statements if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Because litigation is inherently unpredictable and unfavorable resolutions could occur, assessing contingencies is highly subjective and requires judgments about future events. We regularly review contingencies to determine the adequacy of our accruals and related disclosures. The amount of ultimate loss may differ from these estimates. It is possible that cash flows or results of operations could be materially affected in any particular period by the unfavorable resolution of one or more of these contingencies.
FDA Consent Decree. We are operating under an amended consent decree with the FDA related to our infusion pump business in the United States. We entered into a consent decree with the FDA in February 2007 related to our Alaris SE pumps, and in February 2009, we and the FDA amended the consent decree to include all infusion pumps manufactured by or for CareFusion 303, Inc., our subsidiary that manufactures and sells infusion pumps in the United States. The amended consent decree does not apply to intravenous administration sets and accessories.
While we remain subject to the amended consent decree, which includes the requirements of the consent decree, we have made substantial progress in our compliance efforts. In accordance with the consent decree, we reconditioned Alaris SE pumps that had been seized by the FDA, remediated Alaris SE pumps in use by customers, and had an independent expert inspect the Alaris SE pump facilities and provide a certification to the FDA as to compliance. As a result of these efforts, in January 2010, we announced that the FDA had given us permission to resume the manufacturing and marketing of our Alaris SE pumps. In accordance with the amended consent decree, and in addition to the requirements of the original consent decree, we also implemented a corrective action plan to bring the Alaris System and all other infusion pumps in use in the United States market into compliance, had our infusion pump facilities inspected by an independent expert, and had our recall procedures and all ongoing recalls involving our infusion pumps inspected by an independent recall expert. In July 2010, the FDA notified us that we can proceed to the audit inspection phase of the amended consent decree, which includes the requirement to retain an independent expert to conduct periodic audits of our infusion pump facilities. The amended consent decree authorizes the FDA, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing, recall products and take other actions. We may be required to pay damages of $15,000 per day per violation if we fail to comply with any provision of the amended consent decree, up to $15 million per year.
We cannot currently predict the outcome of this matter, whether additional amounts will be incurred to resolve this matter, if any, or the matter’s ultimate impact on our business. We may be obligated to pay more costs in the future because, among other things, the FDA may determine that we are not fully compliant with the amended consent decree and therefore impose penalties under the amended consent decree, and/or we may be subject to future proceedings and litigation relating to the matters addressed in the amended consent decree. As of September 30, 2010, we had no reserves in connection with the amended consent decree to cover any future costs and expenses of compliance with the amended consent decree.
Other Matters. In addition to the matter described above, we also become involved in other litigation and regulatory matters incidental to our business, including, but not limited to, product liability claims, employment matters, commercial disputes, intellectual property matters, inclusion as a potentially responsible party for environmental clean-up costs, and litigation in connection with acquisitions and divestitures. We intend to defend ourselves in any such matters and do not currently believe that the outcome of any such matters will have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We may also determine that products manufactured or marketed by us, or our sales and marketing practices for such products, do not meet our specifications, published standards or regulatory requirements. When a quality or regulatory issue is identified, we investigate the issue and take appropriate corrective action. We may be required to report such issues to regulatory authorities, which could result in fines, sanctions or other penalties. In some cases, we may also withdraw a product from the market, correct a product at the customer location, notify the customer of revised labeling and take other actions. We have recalled, and/or conducted field alerts relating to, certain of our products from time to time. These activities can lead to costs to repair or replace affected products, temporary interruptions in product sales and action by regulators, and can impact reported results of operations. We currently do not believe that these activities (other than those specifically disclosed herein) have had or will have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations.


12060 7/29/2011 7/29/2011
Voluntary Worldwide Field Corrective Action of the Vital Signs Hygroscopic Condenser Humidifier (HCH) / Anesthesia Breathing Circuit
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - July 29, 2011 - In April 2011, Vital Signs Devices, a GE Healthcare Company, initiated a voluntary worldwide field correction of the Vital Signs Hygroscopic Condenser Humidifier (HCH)/Anesthesia Breathing Circuit.  This device is sold under various part numbers - see list below. 

The Vital Signs Devices Passive Humidification Device (Hygroscopic Condenser Humidifier or “HCH”) may have an occlusion that can prevent proper flow of the medical gases or oxygen, possibly resulting in insufficient oxygen delivered to the patient (hypoxia or hypoxemia).  This device may be included in Vital Signs anesthesia circuits or sold separately.  The affected units were manufactured between January 2011 and April 2011.
GE Healthcare initiated the field correction in April 2011, and began notifying customers with affected units through an Urgent Medical Device Correction Letter and a follow-up call to confirm receipt of the letter.  Through these efforts, all customers were informed of the issue and provided with safety instructions.  Customers have been directed to NOT use the anesthesia circuits containing the Vital Signs Devices Passive Humidification Device (Hygroscopic Condenser Humidifier, or “HCH”), or the stand alone HCH device with the product item numbers and lot numbers listed below, isolate all affected product, contact Vital Signs Customer Service at 1-800-932-0760 to arrange for the return and replacement of product.  All affected Hygroscopic Condenser Humidifier and Anesthesia Breathing Circuits with affected Hygroscopic Condenser Humidifiers are being replaced.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified this recall as a Class I recall. FDA defines Class I recalls as “a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to the volatile product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death.”
For additional information regarding this field correction, please contact Vital Signs Customer Service at 1-800-932-0760.Hours of Operation: 8:00 am EST to 5:00 pm EST, Monday through Friday.
Product Lot # Product Lot # Product Lot # Product Lot # -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 5020AEHM 11087A A5632X15 11070A A5U5201XX1 11076B ADU12914 11074A -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11098B 11095A 11083A 11074B -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 5701 5301C A565192X 11094A 11088A 11075A -------- ------ -------- ------ ------ ------ 5344E 11095A 11090A 11087A -------- ------ -------- ------ ------ ------ 5348V 11095B 11101A 11090B ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ 5353K 11096A A5W32014 11077A 11094B ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ 5366T 11097A 11090B 11098B -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ ------ 5701E 5346Z A5U32020 11070A A5Z51914 11069B 11101A -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ ------ 5702 5301D 11070B 11070A 11101B -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ A0F52014 11091A 11074B 11084A ADU52914 11073A -------- ------ ------ ------ -------- ------ 11098B 11077B 11097B 11074A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ A4112X14 11070A 11081A A8T52914 11082B 11075A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ A415112A 11098B 11081B A8U52015 11069A 11077A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ A41X2X24 11092A 11083A 11075A ADW32014 11073A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ A4612X2C 11077A 11087A 11075B 11083A -------- ------ ------ ------ -------- ------ 11081B 11087B 11083B 11087A -------- ------ ------ ------ ------ 11095B 11090A 11091A 11094A ------ ------ ------ ------ 11098A 11092A 11101B 11098A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ A4F12014 11075A 11094B A8U5211X 11094A 11098B -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ 11084B 11097A A8U52X14 11075A 11101A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11090B 11098A 11077A AFN52024 11074A ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11091A 11101A 11083A 11083B ------ ------ ------ -------- ------ 11094A 11102A 11090B 11084A ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ 11101B 11102B A8W52914 11069A 11091B ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ ------ 11091A A5U32414 11077B 11083A 11096A ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ ------ 11101A 11080A 11088A 11098B -------- ------ -------- ------ ------ -------- ------ A4F52X10 11075B 11082A 11094A AFN5291C 11069B -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11077B 11082B A9U5211X 11080A 11070B -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11082A 11090A 11090B 11083A ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ 11090A 11094A 11094A 11090A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ ------ A4F52X14 11074B 11094B AD132X14 11073A 11098A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ A4U12214 11080B 11097A 11074A AFN52X1X 11070B -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11092A 11097B 11075A 11088A -------- ------ ------ ------ -------- ------ 11097A 11098A 11088A AFR5191X 11069B ------ -------- ------ ------ -------- ------ 11098A A5U32X14 11076B 11095B AFR58014 11069B ------ -------- ------ ------ -------- ------ 11101A 11083B 11096B 11076A -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ A4U52X1X 11083A 11084A AD152914 11074B 11098B -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ ------ 11087A A5U32X24 11070A AD632X11 11070A 11101A -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ ------ 11090A 11077A 11073A 11101B -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ A5152914 11077B 11080A 11074A AFR5XX20 11073B -------- ------ ------ ------ -------- ------ 11080A 11083B 11081A 11101A -------- ------ ------ ------ -------- ------ A52X2314 11081A 11087B 11083A AGN1QX1C 11070A -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11091A 11098B ADA52014 11076A 11070B -------- ------ ------ ---------- ------ -------- ------ 11096B 11101A ADG5291X 11101B -------- ------ -------- ------ ---------- ------ 


92988 10/19/2011 10/19/2011
Carefusion Initiates Class I Recall Of EnVe Ventilators
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - October 19, 2011 - CareFusion (NYSE: CFN), a leading global medical device company, issued the following update regarding its recall of 128 EnVe™ ventilators affecting 29 customers. The FDA has classified this action as a Class I recall. 
The voluntary recall only affects EnVe ventilators manufactured between December 2010 and May 2011 and therefore, has no affect on the company's current product production or shipping processes. 
On September 12, the company sent an urgent Medical Device Recall Notification to customers stating the identified potential risks associated with the EnVe ventilators. The issues include: a potential delay in resuming ventilation after reconnection; a potential automatic reset; and a potential for disconnection upon transport. Failure to adequately ventilate may lead to hypoxia or hypercarbia, which may result in serious neurological injury or death. A Class I recall is defined as a reasonable probability of serious adverse health consequences or death associated with use of the defective units. 
In the notification letter, customers were provided serial numbers of affected devices. This information is available at http://www.carefusion.com/customer-support/alerts-notices/medical-device-recall-enve-ventilator.aspx. 
CareFusion is conducting a field corrective action to update the hardware and software on affected ventilators. The company had determined the root cause for each issue and is committed to updating each device in a timely manner with minimal disruption to our customers. 
Instructions to customers 
Customer inquiries related to this action should be addressed to CareFusion Technical Support at 800-554-8933. 
Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems should also be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Program: by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787; by phone at 1-800-332-1088; by fax at 1-800.FDA.0178 or at www.fda.gov/medwatch.


92988 10/19/2011 11/8/2011
We offer warranties on certain products for various periods of time. We accrue for the estimated cost of product warranties at the time revenue is recognized. Our product warranty liability reflects management’s best estimate of probable liability based on current and historical product sales data and warranty costs incurred.
The table below summarizes the changes in the carrying amount of the liability for product warranties for the three months ended September 30, 2011:
(in millions)

Balance at June 30, 2011

  	$	21	  
Warranty Accrual

  	 	15	  
Warranty Claims Paid

  	 	(3	) 
Adjustments to Preexisting Accruals

  	 	1	  
  	
 

 

 
Balance at September 30, 2011

  	$	34	  
As of September 30, 2011 and June 30, 2011, approximately $19 million and $8 million, respectively, of the ending liability balances related to accruals for product recalls. During the quarter ended September 30, 2011, we increased our warranty liability by $12 million as a result of product recall charges within costs of goods sold.


68591 12/14/2011 12/14/2011
FDA Classifies Voluntary Physician Advisory Letter on Riata and Riata ST Silicone Defibrillation Leads as Class I Recall (URGENT MEDICAL DEVICE ADVISORY)
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - December 14, 2011 - St. Jude Medical, Inc. (NYSE:STJ), a global medical device company, today announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified its voluntary medical device advisory letter to physicians from Nov. 28, 2011, regarding the performance of Riata® and Riata® ST Silicone Defibrillation Leads, as a Class I Recall.
The classification of this recall is part of the process that follows any medical device advisory issued by a device manufacturer to physicians. The FDA’s classification updates the recommendations provided in the Nov. 28, 2011 Physician Advisory Letter, which is available on the company’s website, www.sjmprofessional.com. An estimated 79,000 Riata and Riata ST family of silicone leads remain active in patients in the U.S. The company stopped distributing the Riata and Riata ST family of silicone leads in December 2010. The affected model numbers are the Riata (8F) Silicone Endocardial Defibrillation Leads (Models 1560, 1561, 1562, 1570, 1571, 1572, 1580, 1581, 1582, 1590, 1591, and 1592), and the Riata ST (7Fr) Silicone Endocardial Defibrillation Leads (Models 7000, 7001, 7002, 7010, 7011, 7040, 7041, and 7042).
The FDA has classified this recall as a Class I recall because of the potential risk of serious injury or patient death if affected devices malfunction. As communicated in the Physician Advisory Letter, the clinical implications of externalized conductors in a defibrillation lead without electrical anomalies are not fully known or understood at this time. Externalized conductors can present as only a visual observation on x-ray or fluoroscopy without any associated clinical or device-related observations. If the electrical integrity of a lead were to be compromised, failure to deliver appropriate therapy, or the delivery of inappropriate therapy, could potentially occur, and could lead to a serious adverse event or death. Reports to St. Jude Medical associated with extraction of a Riata lead with externalized conductors include two patient deaths and one serious injury (effusion requiring thoracotomy). In addition, one patient death and one serious injury in patients with externalized conductors were reported, but were determined not to be due to the presence of externalized conductors.

St. Jude Medical reiterates that all leads with an externalized conductor, with or without an associated electrical abnormality, be reported to the company’s Technical Services Department at 1-800-722-3774. The company strongly encourages that any experience with screening of Riata leads for externalized conductors be shared with the company, including information regarding a lead or leads in which externalized conductors are not present. If a lead has been removed from the patient, St. Jude Medical requests that it be returned to the company, at company expense, for failure analysis to further understand this particular failure mechanism. All reports and returns received by St. Jude Medical of Riata leads exhibiting externalized conductors, irrespective of whether there is an associated electrical abnormality, are reported to FDA as a Medical Device Report (MDR). Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems also should be reported to the FDA’s MedWatch Program by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088, by Fax at 1-800-FDA-0178, by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA, 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787, or on the MedWatch website at www.fda.gov/medwatch.

St. Jude Medical acknowledges that the clinical implications of leads with electrically intact externalized conductors are not fully known at this time. Consequently, more data are required in order to assess if specific patient subgroups with electrically intact externalized conductors are at greater risk or should be managed differently. Patients who require frequent defibrillation or who are pacemaker dependent may be considered to be at greater risk. It is recognized that physicians may choose to individualize the approach to management of electrically intact externalized conductors based on individual patient characteristics. The potential risks associated with externalized conductors as well as the potential risks and benefits of management options should be considered and discussed with patients.

“At this time, no blanket statement can be made about clinical recommendations. Until more data are collected, physicians should follow standard practice of care to manage their patients with Riata silicone leads,” said Dr. Anne Curtis, professor and chair of Medicine at the University at Buffalo, former Heart Rhythm Society (HRS) president and a member of St. Jude Medical’s Medical Advisory Board (MAB). Also, over the next several weeks, there are two public meetings scheduled to discuss Riata and associated clinical recommendations: A Riata Leads Issue Webinar sponsored by the Heart Rhythm Society on Dec. 21, 2011 and a Riata ICD Lead Summit sponsored by the Minneapolis Heart Institute Foundation on Jan. 20, 2012. Any additional consensus opinion developed from these meetings, including any additional screening efforts, will be addressed by St. Jude Medical and, if appropriate, will be communicated to the physician community.

The company and its independent MAB have recommended the following related to patient monitoring:

•For leads that do not exhibit externalized conductors, continue to monitor the patient’s implanted system at regularly scheduled visit intervals every three to six months as per Heart Rhythm Society (HRS)/European Heart Rhythm Association (EHRA) consensus with particular attention to diagnostic information related to defibrillation lead performance.
•For leads that exhibit externalized conductors with no electrical abnormality, continue to monitor lead and system performance as per HRS/EHRA guidelines. The value of screening x-ray or fluoroscopy for patients with leads that exhibit no electrical abnormalities is unknown at this time and therefore, the risk of increased radiation exposure for monitoring should be weighed against using remote monitoring and in-clinic follow-up for detection of electrical anomalies. Prophylactic explant or replacement of a lead without electrical dysfunction is not recommended.
•For leads that exhibit externalized conductors with an associated electrical abnormality, management of the patient may include x-ray, fluoroscopy (cine), or additional testing including provocative methods such as shoulder and arm movements and deep respiration while looking at the surface ECG and intracardiac electrograms(1). Consideration should be given to prophylactically replacing leads with observed electrical abnormalities. If the leads are replaced, the risks and benefits of removing the old leads, or leaving them in place, should be carefully considered.
•Currently there is no expert consensus regarding whether patients undergoing pulse generator replacement should undergo fluoroscopy or lead replacement if an externalized conductor without electrical anomalies is present. This is, in part, because the risk versus benefit of replacing a lead in such a patient may vary from patient to patient and center to center. Consideration of fluoroscopy and lead replacement at time of pulse generator replacement should be individualized based on specific patient conditions and circumstances. 

St. Jude Medical strongly encourages that whenever possible, remote monitoring and patient alerts be used to detect as early as possible any electrical changes that may be associated with externalized conductors. Changes in impedance from three high voltage lead vectors (RVC to Can, SVC to Can, and RVC to SVC), as well as pacing and sensing electrodes, can be detected by St. Jude Medical ICDs and provided to the clinician during the in-clinic device evaluation and may also be provided by means of remote monitoring (Housecall+, Merlin@Home, and Merlin.net). Data are displayed graphically to enable physicians to trend changes in impedance over time. Customized DirectAlerts® notifications allow physicians to monitor patient status between follow-ups. The noise reversion feature is designed to protect against non-physiologic high-rate event detection to avoid inappropriate shocks. Standard reprogramming such as turning on the EGM for Noise Reversion or ensuring that the ventricular rate EGMs are set to detection should also be considered. A patient may also become aware of electrical abnormalities even earlier when their device has a patient vibratory alert. Patients who receive a patient vibratory alert should contact their clinician.
  
In order to improve the understanding of this particular failure mechanism, St. Jude Medical has initiated a prospective study to evaluate the incidence rate and the long term performance of leads found to exhibit externalized conductors without an associated electrical abnormality, including an evaluation of any potential long term degradation of the ETFE insulation that is exposed outside of the silicone insulation. Enrollment has begun and is expected to continue to follow patients for up to two years. As information is gathered during this study, St. Jude Medical will update the physician community and, as appropriate, provide any specific updated recommendations for physicians to manage their patients. 

St. Jude Medical is committed to keeping customers informed about product performance. If you have any questions or concerns, please do not hesitate to contact your local St. Jude Medical representative or the St. Jude Medical Technical Services Department at 800-722-3774.


92988 1/20/2012 1/20/2012
Recall of Neurological Monitoring Software and Devices
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - January 20, 2012 – CareFusion issued the following update regarding its voluntary recall of the Nicolet® Cortical Stimulator Control Unit, Nicolet® C64 Stimulus Switching Unit (SSU) Amplifier and NicoletOne Software with Cortical Stimulator License. The FDA has classified this action as a Class I recall.
The company initiated the voluntary recall, which affects 125 devices and 58 software licenses, in October 2011. The devices and software subject to the recall were distributed to 38 customers between May 7, 2009 and July 11, 2011. This action has no effect on the manufacture or distribution of current products.
There is no change to the remediation plan previously communicated by the company. CareFusion has already completed the majority of the corrective actions on affected products in the United States.
In October 2011, the company sent an urgent Medical Device Recall Notification to customers stating the identified potential risks associated with the Cortical Stimulator Control Unit, SSU Amplifier and related software applications. Affected units have the potential to develop a short circuit, and affected software licenses may display or capture the incorrect electrode annotation label on the Cortical Stimulator Control Unit screen and in the associated report. A Class I recall is defined as a reasonable probability of serious adverse health consequences or death associated with use of the defective units.
In the notification letter, customers were provided serial and version numbers of affected hardware and software. This information is available at http://www.carefusion.com/customer-support/alerts-notices/medical-device-recall-nicoletone-software.aspx11 12.
Instructions to customers Customer inquiries related to this action should be addressed to the CareFusion NeuroCare Call Center at 800-356-0007 (press option 2 for Technical Support).
3750 Torrey View Ct
San Diego, CA 92130
www.CareFusion.com13  14
Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems should also be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Program: by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787; by phone at 1-800-332-1088; by fax at 1-800.FDA.0178 or at www.fda.gov/medwatch15.


92988 7/2/2012 7/2/2012
CareFusion Provides Update On Voluntary Recall Of Select AirLife™ Respiratory Products
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - July 2, 2012 - CareFusion issued the following update regarding its voluntary recall of its AirLife™ Infant Breathing Circuit. The FDA has classified this action as a Class 1 recall.
The company initiated the voluntary recall on May 29. The products subject to the recall were manufactured between June 1, 2010, and Feb. 3, 2012. This action has no effect on the manufacture or distribution of current products.
In May 2012, the company sent an urgent Recall Notification to customers and distributors stating the identified potential risks associated with the AirLife Infant Breathing Circuit. The Y-adapter in affected products could develop cracks during patient use, potentially resulting in a leak in the closed ventilation system and leading to a loss in the intended tidal volume delivered to the patient. A Class I recall is defined as a reasonable probability of serious adverse health consequences or death associated with use of the defective units. To date, there have been no reports of patient harm associated with the affected products.
There is no change to the remediation plans previously announced by the company. In the notification letter, customers were provided lot numbers of affected product codes and asked to destroy any affected products remaining in inventory. This information is available at http://www.carefusion.com/customer-support/alerts-notices/medical-device-recall-for-airlife-infant-breathing-circuit.aspx11 disclaimer icon12.
Since the recall was initiated in May, nearly half of the affected customers and distributors have completed the remediation process.
Instructions to customers
Customer inquiries related to this action should be addressed to CareFusion Customer Service at Customer.Experience@carefusion.com.  
Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems should also be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Program: by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787; by phone at 1-800-332-1088; by fax at 1-800.FDA.0178 or at www.fda.gov/medwatch.
Additional product recall information
CareFusion has posted on its website information regarding the AirLife recall and other product recalls and alerts. Also today, the company separately filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission a Form 8-K in which the company reported an expected increase to its recall reserve of between $7 million for the quarter and fiscal year ended June 30, 2012. This adjustment is primarily related to a voluntary recall affecting the PC unit of certain models of the company’s Alaris® infusion pumps. More information can be found on the company’s website at http://www.carefusion.com/customer-support/alerts-notices/medical-device-recall-for-airlife-infant-breathing-circuit.aspx


92988 7/17/2012 7/17/2012
CareFusion Provides Update On Voluntary Recall Of EnVe® Ventilator
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - July 17, 2012 - CareFusion issued the following update regarding its previously announced voluntary recall of EnVe® ventilators. The FDA has classified this action as a Class 1 recall.
The company initiated the voluntary recall in June. The products subject to the recall were manufactured between December 2010 and January 2012. This action has no effect on the manufacture or distribution of current products.
In June, CareFusion sent an urgent Recall Notification to customers stating that the company had identified potential risks associated with the EnVe ventilator. A leak may occur in the patient breathing circuit or the system, resulting in the ventilator not holding the set Positive End Expiratory Pressure (PEEP) value either intermittently or continuously. The device will activate both audible and visual alarms to notify the health care professional that ventilation delivery to the patient may be compromised. A Class I recall is defined as having a reasonable probability of serious adverse health consequences or death associated with use of the defective units.
Remediation plans previously announced by the company are underway and will be completed at customers’ sites. To date, there have been no reports of patient harm associated with the affected devices.
Instructions to customers
Customer inquiries related to this action should be addressed to the CareFusion Customer Support Center at 1.800.554.8933.
Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems should also be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Program: by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787; by phone at 1.800.332.1088; by fax at 1-800.FDA.0178 or at www.fda.gov/medwatch11.


73139 9/25/2012 9/25/2012
Stryker Issues Class 1 Recall of Neptune Rover Waste Management System in the United States, Asia Pacific, Canada, Japan, Latin America and EMEA
 FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE September 25, 2012 - On June 5, 2012, Stryker initiated a Class 1 recall of the Neptune Waste Management System. The devices are being recalled because Stryker has received two reports of serious injury as a result of tissue damage associated with the use of the Neptune 2, including an event in which one customer connected the Neptune 2 System to a passive chest drainage tube post operatively, resulting in a fatality.
The recall includes all serial numbers for the following model numbers:

Product Name
 Catalog Number
 Manufacture Dates
 Distribution Dates
 IFU Part Number
 
Neptune 1 Gold Rover
 0700-001-000
 1/11/01 – 12/23/09
 3/26/01 – 1/30/10
 0700-001-700
 
Neptune 1 Gold Rover - International
 0700-002-000
 9/15/05
 10/3/05 – 10/3/05
 0700-002-707
 
Neptune 1 Silver Rover
 0700-003-000
 1/31/02 – 9/3/09
 5/31/02 – 11/19/09
 0700-001-700
 
Neptune Bronze
 0700-007-000
 3/22/04 – 2/22/12
 3/31/04 – 6/27/12
 0700-007-720
 
Neptune 2 Rover ltra (120 V)
 0702-001-000
 12/3/07 – 8/1/12
 12/31/07 – 8/7/12
 0702-002-700
 
Neptune 2 Rover Ultra (230 V)
 0702-002-000
 10/9/08 – 6/18/12
 3/5/09 – 7/26/12
 0702-002-700
On June 5, 2012, Stryker notified customers that it was recalling the IFUs for the above products. The current IFU did not specifically warn against connecting the Neptune Rover, which is a high vacuum/high flow device, to a passive drainage tube. Customers were instructed to review the revised IFU, distribute to affected departments, and educate users of the Neptune on this warning. Customers must confirm with Stryker via business reply form that they have completed these actions.
Customers who have the Neptune 1 Gold, Neptune 1 Gold International or Neptune 1 Bronze will receive a follow up mailing in October containing warning labels for the device and instructions detailing how to apply them. Customers may continue to use the Neptune 1 Gold, Neptune 1 Gold International, and the Neptune 1 Bronze. Users must be aware of the warning that was added to each device.

On September 18, 2012, Stryker notified customers via letter delivered by FedEx overnight delivery that it is expanding the recall on the Neptune 1 Silver, Neptune 2 Ultra (120V) and Neptune 2 Ultra (230V) because FDA has also advised Stryker that these devices require, but do not currently have, 510(k) clearance. FDA is therefore unable to determine whether these devices are as safe and effective as their legally marketed predicate, the Neptune 1 (Gold) Waste Management System (510(k) K012992). As such, Stryker has ceased distribution of the Neptune Silver, Neptune 2 Ultra (120V) and Neptune 2 Ultra (230V) devices until FDA clears these devices.
At this time, FDA does not consider the Neptune Silver, the Neptune 2 Ultra (120V) or the Neptune 2 Ultra (230V) to be legally marketed devices because their safety and effectiveness have not yet been determined. As such, FDA advises that the devices not be used. However, customers who do not have an alternative device to use should weigh the risks and benefits associated with continued use of these devices. If customers choose to continue use of the Neptune Silver, Neptune 2 Ultra (120V) or Neptune 2 (230V), they must complete a Certificate of Medical Necessity and return it to Stryker by October 12, 2012.
Customers who submit their signed Certificate of Medical Necessity to Stryker will receive a follow up mailing containing warning labels for the device and instructions detailing how to apply them.
Customers who have questions about this recall should contact Stryker Instruments’ Recall Coordinator, Angela Ragainis, Monday – Friday, 8am – 5pm ET, at 269-389-2316 or strykerinstrumentsrecalls@stryker.com
Healthcare professionals and customers may report adverse events or quality problems experienced with the use of this product to Stryker by calling 1-800-253-3210 or by using the FDA&apos;s MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program either online at http://www.fda.gov/Safety/MedWatch/HowToReport11 or by phone at 1-800-332-1088.


90110 10/29/2012 10/29/2012
Hospira Issues A Voluntary Nationwide Recall Of Symbiq  Infusion Systems Due To Inaccurate Response
Of The Touch Screen To User Selection/Input
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - October 29, 2012 - Hospira, Inc. (NYSE: HSP), announced today it is initiating a voluntary nationwide Class I recall of Symbiq™ infusion systems (list number 16026 Symbiq™ One-Channel Infuser and list number 16027 Symbiq™ Two-Channel Infuser, all serial numbers). This action is due to infusion pump LCD touch screens that may not respond to user selection, resulting in users possibly experiencing a delayed response and/or the screen registering a different value from the value selected by the user. Failure of the touch screen to respond properly to user input could potentially result in a delay or interruption in therapy, or over or under delivery of medication if the user confirms the incorrect values displayed on the pump's confirmation screen prior to starting the infusion. Hospira sent an urgent Medical Device Correction notice to impacted customers in August regarding this issue.
 

There is no need for facilities to return Symbiq infusers at this time. Hospira has advised healthcare providers to weigh the risk/benefit to patients associated with the use of the device when administering critical therapies. The company has notified healthcare providers using Symbiq that according to the device operating manual, users must confirm that the correct infusion pump programming information is selected and appears on the confirmation screen prior to proceeding with an infusion. Symbiq is designed with this confirmation screen to allow the clinician to double-check programming information prior to starting an infusion. If an additional mitigation is necessary, an infusion can be stopped by pressing the emergency stop hard button located above the touch screen on the front of the infuser or by pulling the cassette eject lever located on the bottom of the infuser. Hospira is sending customers an additional Medical Device Correction notice as a reminder of the appropriate action to take.
 

Hospira has completed an investigation into customer reports and has found the major contributor to be software related. Other contributing root causes that have been identified include damaged connections, physical damage and other touch screen defects.

The investigation has identified that the software-related root cause of this issue potentially impacts all Symbiq infusion systems currently in the field, and has been reported to Hospira for approximately 1.5 percent of Symbiq systems. The company is in the process of developing design improvements to correct the issue.

Once the design and development activities are complete, Hospira will notify customers and arrange for a device update. This product is only used by healthcare providers in hospitals and other healthcare facilities. This recall is being conducted with the knowledge of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

Healthcare providers experiencing the described issue should remove the impacted device from use and contact their institution's biomed or clinical engineering department to perform the touch screen test described in the Symbiq technical service manual. If the biomed or clinical engineering department identifies that the device is not working properly, contact Hospira:

Hospira Contact
 Contact Information
 Areas of Support
 
Hospira Global
Complaint Management
 1-800-441-4100 (8 a.m. – 5 p.m. CST, M-F) (ProductComplaintsPP@hospira.com)
 To report adverse events or product complaints
 
Hospira Advanced
Knowledge Center
 1-800-241-4002
(Available 24 hours a day/7 days per week)
 Additional information or technical assistance
 

Any adverse reactions or quality problems experienced with the use of this product may be reported to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's (FDA) MedWatch Adverse Events Program either online, by regular mail or by fax.

Online: http://www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm11
Regular mail: use postage-paid, pre-addressed Form FDA3500 available at http://www.fda.gov/MedWatch/getforms.htm12
Fax: 1-800-FDA-0178
Hospira customers have been asked to complete and return a reply form reconfirming the number of Symbiq infusers at their facility. This information will be used to contact healthcare providers once the device correction is available. Customers who need additional copies of the reply form should contact Stericycle at 1-877-272-6141 (8 a.m. – 5 p.m. EST, M-F).


90110 10/29/2012 11/7/2012

Device Product Related Matters

Symbiq™ Infusion Pumps
 
In April 2010, Hospira placed a voluntary hold on all shipments of Symbiq™ infusion pumps to new customers pending FDA regulatory clearance of a 510(k) application for software updates. In March 2012, Hospira received regulatory clearance from the FDA for the Symbiq™ 510(k) application. Hospira is working with existing customers to upgrade Symbiq™ devices in the market.

In August 2012, Hospira notified customers of potential issues with the touchscreen on Symbiq™ infusion pumps. The FDA has classified this voluntary action as a Class I recall although the FDA is not requiring Hospira to remove any Symbiq™ pumps from the market. Hospira is re-notifying customers of this issue and offered instructions to confirm correct infusion settings and how to stop an infusion if problems arise. Hospira is working on a software solution to address the main cause of the issue which will be deployed in the field when available. In October 2012, Hospira placed a voluntary hold on all shipments of Symbiq™ infusion pumps to new U.S. customers. Hospira cannot predict when it will lift this voluntary hold.


90110 10/29/2012 11/13/2012
Item 8.01 Other Events
 
During the Hospira, Inc. (the “Company”) third-quarter 2012 earnings call on November 7, 2012, the Company announced that it had placed a voluntary hold on all shipments of Symbiq™ infusion pumps to new U.S. customers.  All Symbiq™ infusion pumps are manufactured in our Costa Rica facility.  On November 8, the Company was notified by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”) that the FDA had issued an import alert that prohibits the importation of Symbiq™ infusion pumps into the U.S.  The FDA’s import alert does not restrict the importation of the Company’s other medication management products, including Symbiq™ consumables or the Company’s other infusion pumps and consumables.  The Company intends to support the repair and replacement of Symbiq™ pumps to existing customers.
 
The Company does not anticipate that these matters will have a material adverse impact on the Company’s ability to achieve the 2012 full-year financial projections communicated during the Company’s third-quarter 2012 earnings call.
 
The Company takes this matter seriously. There can be no assurance that the FDA will be satisfied with the Company’s responses or that the Company will not be subject to additional further regulatory action by the FDA. Any such further actions could significantly disrupt our ongoing business and operations and have a material adverse impact on our financial position and operating results.


 



12060 12/26/2012 12/26/2012
Voluntary Worldwide Field Corrective Action Issued for the T-piece Circuit used on GE Healthcare's Giraffe and Panda Resuscitation Units
2012-12-26 22:57:00 UTC
LAUREL, Md.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--December 26, 2012--
On June 26, 2012, GE Healthcare initiated a voluntary worldwide field correction of the T-piece circuit used with GE Healthcare's Giraffe and Panda resuscitation units. The T-piece circuits affected by this recall are sold under the following part numbers and contain a red inspection stamp (those containing a blue inspections stamp are NOT affected by this recall):
-- M1091335 Kit, Circuit, T-Piece Disposable, 10 pack -- M1091316 Kit, Circuit, T-Piece Disposable, W MASK Size 0, 10 pack -- M1091365 Kit, Circuit, T-Piece Disposable, W MASK Size 1, 10 pack
The T-piece circuit used with GE Healthcare's Giraffe and Panda resuscitation units may impact patient safety. The issue occurs when the T-piece circuit is not able to achieve maximum PIP (Peak Inspiratory Pressure) of 45 +/- 5 cmH(2) O as measured by the built-in Airway Pressure Manometer during the pre-use checkout procedure. The built-in Airway Pressure Manometer of the resuscitation system is not affected by this issue and will accurately display airway pressure. Clinicians should always use the airway pressure manometer to verify Peak Inspiratory Pressure (PIP). The affected units were manufactured from September 10, 2009 to May 10, 2012.
GE Healthcare initiated the field correction on June 26, 2012, and began notifying customers with affected units through an Urgent Medical Device Correction letter and follow up has been conducted to confirm their receipt of the letter. Through these efforts, approximately 84% of identified customers have confirmed receipt of the safety instructions provided and have also confirmed all affected product has been returned or destroyed. The remaining unconfirmed customers are being contacted directly to resolve and close the issue as soon as possible. Customers have been directed to NOT use the T-piece circuit with the part numbers listed above and to isolate all affected product. To date, no patient injuries have been reported with this issue.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified this recall as a Class I recall. FDA defines Class I recalls as "a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to the violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death."
For additional information regarding this field correction or to arrange return and/or replacement of the product, please contact GE Healthcare Customer Service at 1-800-345-2700.


12060 1/31/2013 1/31/2013
Voluntary Field Correction Action Issued for GE Healthcare’s Resuscitation Systems with Blender Installed in GE Giraffe and Panda Infant Warmers
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - January 31, 2013 -On October 15, 2012, GE Healthcare initiated a voluntary field corrective action of the field upgrade kit for GE Healthcare’s resuscitation systems with blender, installed in GE Giraffe and Panda infant warmers.

The field upgrade kit for GE Healthcare’s resuscitation unit with blender, used with GE’s Giraffe and Panda infant warmers, may impact patient safety. The oxygen and air wall inlet fittings and/or labels on the back panel may have been reversed during assembly. As a result, this could potentially reverse the air/oxygen mixer concentrations; for example, a setting of 100% oxygen could have an output of 21% oxygen, and vice versa. The settings of the blender knob would no longer be accurate.

This voluntary field correction only impacts field upgrade kits for GE Healthcare’s resuscitation systems with blender, installed in GE’ Giraffe and Panda infant warmers. The affected resuscitation system upgrade kits were manufactured from April 2008 to September 2012.

GE Healthcare initiated the field correction on October 15, 2012, and began notifying customers with affected units through an Urgent Medical Device Correction letter, which provided instructions and illustrations to allow hospital personnel to conduct immediate inspection and mitigation, and follow up has been conducted to confirm their receipt of the letter. GE field service engineers have inspected units at approximately 89% of the identified customer sites. The remaining unconfirmed customers are being contacted and scheduled for inspection by GE field service technicians. To date, no patient injuries have been reported with this issue.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified this recall as a Class I recall. FDA defines Class I recalls as “a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to the violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death.”

For additional information regarding this field action, please contact GE Healthcare Customer Service at 1-800-345-2700


73139 4/10/2013 4/10/2013
FDA Classifies Voluntary Shapematch® Cutting Guides Recall as Class I Recall
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - April 10, 2013 - Stryker Corporation (NYSE:SYK) announced today that its orthopaedic division has received notice that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has reviewed the voluntary recall of its ShapeMatch Cutting Guides and that it will be classified as a Class I recall.

ShapeMatch Cutting Guides are intended to be used as patient specific surgical instrumentation to assist in the positioning of total knee replacement components intraoperatively and in guiding the marking of bone before cutting.

In November 2012, Stryker Orthopaedics instructed all U.S. registered ShapeMatch surgeons to discontinue use and ordering of ShapeMatch Cutting Guides and in January 2013 voluntarily recalled the product. These actions were due to the potential that ShapeMatch Cutting Guides may not have been manufactured in accordance with surgeon preoperative planning parameters or may have been manufactured outside of the planning ranges specified in the 510(k) clearance. This issue was identified through standard post-market surveillance of product complaints. A Product Notification was issued to surgeons and hospital risk managers which described the known hazards and harms potentially associated with the use of the affected products, which could result in a knee not functioning properly.

As stated in the January 2013 Product Notification, Stryker recommended that patient follow-up beyond the routine standard of care was not necessary.

Patients who have had knee replacement surgery in which ShapeMatch Cutting Guides were used and who feel their knee may not be functioning properly should contact their surgeon. Patients may also contact Stryker at 1-888-STRYKER with questions regarding this Class I recall Monday – Friday, 8am-8pm EST.

The ShapeMatch Cutting Guides have not been available on the market since November 2012. This voluntary recall does not affect the Triathlon Knee System or the Triathlon standard instrumentation.

Stryker is one of the world's leading medical technology companies and is dedicated to helping healthcare professionals perform their jobs more efficiently while enhancing patient care. The Company offers a diverse array of innovative medical technologies, including reconstructive, medical and surgical, and neurotechnology and spine products to help people lead more active and more satisfying lives. For more information about Stryker, please visit www.stryker.com.


60097 5/2/2013 5/2/2013
Medtronic Announces FDA Classification Of Deep Brain
Stimulation Lead Cap Communication
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - May 2, 2013 - In keeping with its commitment to keep physicians informed about product performance and safety, Medtronic, Inc. (NYSE: MDT) issued an Urgent Medical Device Correction notification in February 2013 to provide physicians with information concerning the potential for deep brain stimulation (DBS) lead damage associated with the use of the lead cap provided in Medtronic DBS lead kits and dystonia therapy kits. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified the communication as a Class I Recall.
Medtronic has received reports of DBS leads being damaged due to twisting of the connector within the lead cap during the surgical procedure. The DBS lead cap is included in DBS lead kits and dystonia therapy kits and is sometimes used temporarily to protect the end of a DBS lead after it has been implanted. The DBS lead cap is not used in all DBS procedures, and is not permanently implanted. Depending on the extent of lead damage due to twisting of the connector during the placement and removal of the lead cap, lead replacement may be required or optimal therapy may not be achieved.
In the case of lead damage, if at the beginning of therapy patients are receiving therapy as expected, they are not likely to be affected by this issue. Patients with questions relating to this issue are encouraged to talk with their physicians.
A manufacturing change intended to address the issue is currently under FDA review, and in the meantime Medtronic has issued modified instructions to physicians who may use DBS lead caps.
Any malfunctions or adverse events related to a device should be reported to Medtronic Neuromodulation Technical Services at 1-800-707-0933, weekdays from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CST, and the FDA’s MedWatch Program at http://www.fda.gov/MedWatch.


60097 6/26/2013 6/26/2013
Medtronic Issues Medical Device Notifications Regarding the SynchroMed® Implantable Infusion System
FDA Classifies Notifications
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - June 26, 2013 - MINNEAPOLIS – In June 2013, Medtronic, Inc. (NYSE: MDT) initiated four medical device notifications to customers worldwide about the SynchroMed® Implantable Infusion System. These notifications provide clinicians with information to help identify and manage issues that impact the safe and reliable delivery of therapy using the SynchroMed Implantable Infusion System.
The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified three of these notifications as Class I recalls. The fourth notification is an update to a 2011 action related to pump refill which was previously classified by the FDA as a Class I recall.
Patients are encouraged to maintain regular follow-up appointments with their physicians; however, if they experience a change or return of symptoms or hear a device alarm, they should contact their physician immediately. No action is required of physicians beyond the recommendations provided in the notifications.
Medtronic's intrathecal drug delivery systems are used to treat chronic, intractable pain and severe spasticity of cerebral or spinal origin. These notifications do not involve Medtronic external insulin pumps for diabetes.
Specifically, the Neuromodulation business of Medtronic has initiated the following field corrective actions:
SynchroMed Implantable Infusion Pump Priming Bolus
Medtronic has issued an Urgent Medical Device Correction notification which provides physicians with important safety information and patient management recommendations regarding the SynchroMed Implantable Infusion System priming bolus function. The FDA has classified this notification as a Class I recall.
The priming bolus function is used to quickly move drug from the SynchroMed pump reservoir to the catheter tip to initiate intrathecal drug delivery therapy while a patient remains under medical supervision. Medtronic has found that any time the priming bolus is used with a SynchroMed pump, drug mixes with the sterile water or cerebrospinal fluid already in the catheter. This mixing results in the unintended delivery of drug prior to the end of the programmed bolus, as well as dilution of some of the drug remaining in the catheter at the end of the bolus. This can contribute to an increased risk of adverse events involving drug overdose or underdose following an initial system implant or revision. The effects of a drug overdose or underdose will vary depending on the drug being infused but may include, for example, a reduced level of consciousness or a return of underlying symptoms.

Medtronic recommends healthcare professionals continue using the priming bolus procedure to ensure therapy is initiated while a patient is under medical supervision. Recommendations are being provided for performing a priming bolus, monitoring patients post implant, and educating patients and caregivers. Medtronic continues to investigate factors related to this issue to determine appropriate product updates.

SynchroMed Implantable Infusion Pump Shorting
Medtronic has issued an Urgent Medical Device Correction notification to inform physicians about the potential for an electrical short within the SynchroMed pump. The FDA has classified this notification as a Class I recall.

An electrical short could lead to pump motor stall and a subsequent loss of or reduction in therapy, which can result in the return of underlying symptoms and/or withdrawal symptoms. The SynchroMed II pump is equipped with alarms designed to alert the patient in the event of a motor stall.

Medtronic encourages patients to contact their physicians immediately if they experience a return of symptoms or hear a device alarm. The cumulative failure rate due to this issue is less than one percent at seven years post implant. Because of the estimated low occurrence rate, the alarm safety feature and the risks associated with replacement surgery, Medtronic is not recommending removal of the devices unless a patient's pump shows signs of a malfunction. Medtronic is in the process of developing design updates to mitigate this issue.

SC Intrathecal Catheter Product Removal
Medtronic has redesigned its Sutureless Connector (SC) Catheter to reduce the potential for occlusion, which is the blockage or cessation of drug flow due to misalignment at the point where the catheter connects to an implantable pump. As a result, the company has initiated a voluntary removal of unused products manufactured before the catheter design change. To reduce the risk for occlusion, Medtronic strongly recommends that customers discontinue the use of all SC Catheter models 8709SC, 8731SC, 8596SC, 8578 manufactured prior to the design change. These products are identified by a 'use by' date prior to August 25, 2014. The FDA has classified this notification as a Class I recall.

SynchroMed Implantable Infusion Pump Refill Procedure Safety Update
Medtronic is distributing a revised Clinician Refill Reference Card with information about the pump refill procedure for the SynchroMed Implantable Infusion System. This is a continuation of a 2011 notification that was previously classified as a Class I recall. The revised reference card reflects new product labeling approved by the FDA to help healthcare professionals reduce the potential for a pocket fill during the SynchroMed pump refill procedure. A pocket fill is the inadvertent injection during a refill procedure of all or some of the prescribed drug into the patient's subcutaneous tissue, which includes the pump pocket (area under the skin where the pump is placed), instead of into the pump.

Medtronic continues to focus on improving the quality and reliability of its implantable drug infusion system. The SynchroMed Implantable Infusion System continues to demonstrate strong overall reliability, and Medtronic remains confident in its ability to deliver safe and effective therapy. Patients and caregivers should be aware of the signs and symptoms associated with intrathecal drug therapy complications and contact their physicians immediately if they hear a device alarm or experience symptoms of a drug overdose or underdose. Patients with questions should contact their physicians.

Additional information is available for healthcare professionals through Medtronic's website at http://professional.medtronic.com/iddadvisories11 or http://professional.medtronic.com/itbadvisories12.

The FDA defines a Class I recall as a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of, or exposure to, a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death. Any malfunctions or adverse events related to a device should be reported to Medtronic Neuromodulation Technical Services at, 1-800-707-0933, Monday-Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. CDT, and the FDA's MedWatch Program at http://www.fda.gov/MedWatch13.


73139 11/4/2009 11/4/2009
Stryker Corporation’s Instruments Division Issues Worldwide Class 1 Recall of 23 Operating Room System II Surgical Navigation Systems; Catalog numbers 7700-100-000 and 7700-101-201
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - Nov 4, 2009 - Portage, Mich. - Stryker Corporation’s Instruments division initiated a worldwide, Class 1 recall of 23 Operating Room System II Surgical Navigation Systems because there is a potential for the navigation PC SPC-1 component to stop working which could result in the screen freezing, the system updating at a slow rate, or not responding at all. The potential harms associated with this failure are: delay in surgery, reschedule of the procedure resulting in an additional surgery, risk of infection, increased morbidity, potential neurological deficits, or injury due to the surgeon operating in an area where they did not intend to operate. Depending on the type of surgery, these failures could potentially lead to serious adverse health consequences, including death. There have been no reports of injury.
The recall includes the following model and serial/lot numbers:
Product Name Stryker Catalog Number Serial#/Lot# Range 
Navigation System II-Cart 7700-100-000 Serial #s 100715-100735 
PC SPC-1 Assembly> 7700-101-201 Lot # K7P00F6000 
The Navigation System II is a computer aided surgery platform that surgeons can use to perform Hip, Knee, Spine, Neuro and ENT surgical procedures. The Navigation System II cart contains a computer workstation with the navigation System II software and various components necessary to run the system.
Hospitals that have product that corresponds to the catalog numbers above should immediately quarantine the product, label it as a recalled product and stop using the product.
Stryker has notified customers via letter delivered by the USPS and is arranging for repair of all recalled products. As of October 30, 2009 all domestic units have been repaired.
Customers should report any serious adverse events or product quality problems to Stryker Instruments by calling 1-800-253-3210, Monday-Friday 8:00 A.M. – 7:00 P.M. (E.S.T.).
Health care professionals may report serious adverse events or product quality problems with the use of this product to the FDA's MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program either online (www.fda.gov/MedWatch/report.htm11), via fax (1-800-FDA-0178) or phone (1-800-FDA-1088), or by mailing a postage-paid FDA form 3500 available at www.fda.gov/MedWatch/getforms.htm12 to Food and Drug Administration, Center for Device and Radiological Health, Medical Device Reporting (MedWatch), HFZ-535, 9200 Corporate Boulevard, Rockville, MD 20850


20482 7/28/2009 7/28/2009
Abbott Issues Voluntary Recall of POWERSAIL® Coronary Dilatation Catheters
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - ABBOTT PARK, Ill. - July 28, 2009 - Abbott has conducted a voluntary recall of three lots of POWERSAIL® Coronary Dilatation Catheters from United States distribution and one lot from international distribution as a result of four complaints (one from each lot) that the distal shaft of the catheter exhibited damage. While the issue could be detected and avoided during the preparation for use of the product, it may cause a leak of contrast material during use, which could lead to catheter functional failures and clinical consequences, including air embolism and myocardial infarction, which has the potential to lead to death.
Abbott Vascular's sales representatives contacted all customers affected by this action and instructed them to cease use of any units from the part numbers and lot numbers listed below. All outstanding units are in the company's possession or are in transit. Patients who have already been treated are not affected by this action.  
Product Designation Product Number Lot
Number Expiration Date 
POWERSAIL® 3.25x18mm (U.S.) 1005524-18
 7101051
 09-2009
 
POWERSAIL® 4.0x8mm (CE) 1005726-08
 7112051
 10-2009
 
POWERSAIL® 2.75x18mm (U.S.) 1005522-18
 8012151
 12-2009
 
POWERSAIL® 3.25x8mm (U.S.) 1005524-08
 8053061
 04-2010
 

Three out of the four complaints of distal shaft damage resulted in no adverse patient effects. One complaint reported that the patient had evidence of a post-procedural myocardial infarction. Subsequently, the patient was reported to be doing well.

The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has been apprised of this action, and it has classified this action as a Class I recall. 

The POWERSAIL Coronary Dilatation Catheter is distributed for prescription use only to approved U.S. and international health care organizations. Affected devices can be identified by the part number and lot number combinations shown above.

Customers with questions or concerns should contact their Abbott Vascular Representative or call the company at 1-800-227-9902.

Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems should also be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Program by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088, by Fax at 1-800-FDA-0178, by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA, 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787, or on the MedWatch website at www.fda.gov/medwatch.


44329 4/13/2009 4/13/2009
Recall -- Firm Press Release
FDA posts press releases and other notices of recalls and market withdrawals from the firms involved as a service to consumers, the media, and other interested parties. FDA does not endorse either the product or the company.

Arrow International Announces Worldwide Voluntary Recall of Intra Aortic Balloon Pump (IAB) Catheters

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE -- RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, NC -- April 13, 2009 --- Teleflex Medical announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified the voluntary medical device recall initiated on February 2, 2009 by Arrow International’s Cardiac Care Division involving volume connectors for its 30cc, 40cc and 50cc Intra Aortic Balloon Pump (IAB) Catheters as a Class 1 recall. FDA defines Class I recalls as, “a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that the use of or exposure to a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death.”

This recall is being conducted because a fault in the connector of the pump tubing assembly may result in the volume setting on the pump defaulting to 2.5 cc or 5 cc, rather than the appropriate 30, 40, or 50 cc volume. In patients exhibiting moderate to severe myocardial ischemia or low perfusion states, prolonged exposure to the low default volume may fail to decrease ischemia and increase perfusion, leading to organ injury or infarct and may result in patient death. Prolonged exposure to a device which is inflated to less than 2/3 full could also result in thrombus formation on the IAB and possible subsequent systemic or cerebral thromboembolism.

Instructions contained in the operator’s manual fully describe the necessary warnings and precautions that will identify the issue. The recall notice restates these instructions and references the sections in the owner’s manual. If these instructions are followed, the issue for which the product was recalled can be discovered immediately, and the product can be removed and replaced.

Arrow International notified both domestic and foreign hospitals and distributors via an Urgent Medical Device recall letter dated February 2, 2009 that the company had become aware that the blue connector for the 40cc IAB was not properly recognized by the Arrow Intra-Aortic Balloon Pump (IABP) system. This recall involved the retrieval of unused product, issuance of mitigation instructions for patients and/or facilities in critical need, and the replacement of pump tubing assemblies.

At this time, there have been 25 complaints of this issue. There have been no reports of patient injury as a result of this issue. Approx. 423 lots are affected by this recall for a total 45,211 units.

PRODUCTS AFFECTED: 30/40/50 CC IAB Catheters:

PRODUCT CODES: IAB-04830-U, IAB-04840-U, IAB-05830-LWS, IAB05830-U, IAB-05840-U, IAB-05840-LWS, IAB06830-U, IAB06840-U, IAB-S730C, IAB-S840C, IAB-R950-U, IAK-02692, IAK-02693, and IAK-02691.

A list of products and lot numbers affected by this recall as well as the original recall notice can be found at Arrow’s website:

http://www.arrowintl.com/iab_recall.asp

Consumers with questions may contact the company at 1-800-523-8446; 8am to 8pm, ET, Monday through Friday, for international calls 001-919-361-4062; 8am to 5pm, ET, Monday through Friday.

Any adverse reactions experienced with the use of this product, and/or quality problems can also be reported to the FDA’s MedWatch Program by phone at 1-800-FDA-1088, by Fax at 1-800-FDA-0178, by mail at MedWatch, HF-2, FDA, 5600 Fishers Lane, Rockville, MD 20852-9787, or on the MedWatch website at www.fda.gov/medwatch11


44329 4/13/2009 4/28/2009
Medical
 
Medical Segment net revenues declined 9% in the first quarter of 2009 to $340.5 million, from $374.1 million in the same period last year. Foreign currency fluctuations caused 5% of the revenue decline and 4% was due to a decline in core revenue. The decline in core revenue was predominantly in the North American critical care, cardiac care and OEM orthopedic instrumentation product groups.
Net sales by product group are comprised of the following. Certain reclassifications within product groups have been made to 2008 amounts to conform with the current year presentation:
 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	Three Months Ended	 	 	% Increase/(Decrease)	 
 	 	March 29,
 	 	March 30,
 	 	Core
 	 	Currency
 	 	Total
 
 	 	2009	 	 	2008	 	 	Growth	 	 	Impact	 	 	Change	 
 	 	(Dollars in millions)	 
 
Critical Care
 	$	218.1	 	 	$	243.7	 	 	 	(5	)	 	 	(6	)	 	 	(11	)
Surgical
 	 	69.0	 	 	 	72.9	 	 	 	1	 	 	 	(6	)	 	 	(5	)
Cardiac Care
 	 	15.4	 	 	 	18.2	 	 	 	(10	)	 	 	(5	)	 	 	(15	)
OEM
 	 	34.2	 	 	 	36.3	 	 	 	(4	)	 	 	(2	)	 	 	(6	)
Other
 	 	3.8	 	 	 	3.0	 	 	 	46	 	 	 	(19	)	 	 	27	 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
Total Sales
 	$	340.5	 	 	$	374.1	 	 	 	(4	)	 	 	(5	)	 	 	(9	)
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 
Medical Segment net revenues for the three months ended March 29, 2009 and March 30, 2008, respectively are geographically comprised of the following:
 
 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 	 
 	 	2009	 	 	2008	 
 
North America
 	 	55	%	 	 	54	%
Europe, Middle East and Africa
 	 	35	%	 	 	37	%
Asia and Latin America
 	 	10	%	 	 	9	%
 
The decrease in critical care product sales during the first quarter of 2009 compared to the same period in 2008 was due to a decline of core revenue in North America of approximately $12 million, principally due to distributor destocking and in respiratory care due to a less severe flu season compared to 2008, and to approximately $13 million from changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
 
Surgical product core revenue growth in Europe and Asia/Latin America of approximately $2 million was more than offset by the impact of foreign currency rate movements.
 
Sales credits issued to customers in connection with a voluntary recall of certain intra aortic balloon pump catheters during the first quarter of 2009 was the principal factor in the decrease in sales of Cardiac Care products.
 
Lower sales to OEMs during the quarter were largely attributable to lower sales of orthopedic instrumentation products as core growth in specialty suture products was offset by changes in foreign currency exchange rates.
 
Operating profit in the Medical Segment decreased 1%, from $70.9 million to $70.2 million, during the first quarter. The negative impact on operating profit from lower revenues and a stronger US dollar was largely offset by approximately $5 million lower selling, general and administrative costs during the current period as a result of cost reduction intiatives, including restructuring and integration activities in connection with the Arrow acquisition. Also, a $7 million expense for fair value adjustment to inventory in the first quarter of 2008 related to inventory acquired in the Arrow acquisition, which did not recur in 2009, had a favorable impact on the first quarter of 2009 operating profit comparison to the prior year period.


60097 11/15/2013 11/15/2013
FDA Classifies Medtronic's Worldwide Voluntary Field Action on Guidewires as Class I Recall
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - MINNEAPOLIS – Nov. 15, 2013 – Medtronic, Inc. (NYSE: MDT) announced today that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified the company's recently initiated voluntary field action related to certain guidewires as a Class I recall.
Based on an internal investigation following a limited number of complaints, including one patient injury, Medtronic began notifying hospitals and distributors worldwide the week of Oct. 21 that some models of its guidewires from recent lots have the potential for the coating on their surface to delaminate and detach. The notification requested that all potentially affected units be quarantined immediately and returned to the company as soon as possible for credit and replacement.

Medtronic has also taken the necessary steps to prevent future shipments of the recalled products and notified regulatory agencies around the world as appropriate.

The FDA defines a Class I recall as a situation in which there is a reasonable probability that use of, or exposure to, a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death.

The guidewires covered by this recall are designed to facilitate percutaneous coronary interventions or the placement of left ventricular leads for cardiac rhythm devices. They include specific lots from the following eight product lines that were manufactured after mid-April 2013:
•Cougar nitinol workhorse guidewire
•Cougar steerable guidewire
•Zinger stainless steel workhorse guidewire
•Zinger steerable guidewire
•Thunder extra-support guidewire
•Thunder steerable guidewire
•ProVia crossing guidewire
•Attain Hybrid guide wire

Additional information about the recall, including the lot numbers of affected product, is accessible through the Medtronic website – specifically, http://www.medtronic.com/for-healthcare-professionals/index.htm.

Observations and consequences of the coating issue related to these guidewires should be reported to Medtronic in the United States by calling +1-877-526-7890 on weekdays from 8am to 5pm U.S. Central Time.

Adverse reactions or quality problems experienced with the use of these products may be reported to the FDA:
•Online at http://www.fda.gov/Safety/MedWatch/HowToReport/default.htm (form 
available to fax or mail), or
•Call FDA at +1-800-FDA-1088


89230 5/6/2014 5/6/2014
Professional Diagnostics
The following table summarizes our net product sales and services revenue from our professional diagnostics business segment by groups of similar products and services for the three months ended March 31, 2014 and 2013 (in thousands):
 
 	  	Three Months Ended March 31,	 	  	% Change	 
 	  	2014	 	  	2013	 	  
Infectious disease

  	$	164,030	  	  	$	189,844	  	  	 	(14	)% 
Toxicology

  	 	151,897	  	  	 	149,049	  	  	 	2	% 
Cardiology

  	 	121,633	  	  	 	114,933	  	  	 	6	% 
Diabetes

  	 	50,721	  	  	 	50,083	  	  	 	1	% 
Other

  	 	73,052	  	  	 	74,719	  	  	 	(2	)% 
  	
 

 

 	  	
 

 

 	  			
Professional diagnostics net product sales and services revenue

  	$	561,333	  	  	$	578,628	  	  	 	(3	)% 
   			
Net product sales and services revenue from our professional diagnostics business segment decreased by $17.3 million, or 3%, to $561.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $578.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. Excluding the impact of currency translation, net product sales and services revenue from our professional diagnostics business segment decreased by $14.3 million, or 2%, comparing the three months ended March 31, 2014 to the three months ended March 31, 2013. Revenue decreased primarily as a result of a $27.1 million decrease in our U.S. flu-related net product sales from $34.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2013 to $7.3 million during the three months ended March 31, 2014. This decrease was partially offset by $21.5 million in non-currency-adjusted incremental revenues attributable to acquisitions and a $6.4 million decrease in net revenue as a result of our 2013 disposition of Spinreact. Net product sales of Alere Triage® meter-based products in the U.S. increased for the first time since our supply issues began in the second quarter of 2012 to $22.9 million during the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $21.6 million during the three months ended March 31, 2013. Primarily driving the increase in revenues from Triage meter-based sales were increased sales of our BNP, Cardiac Panel and D-dimer products. Revenue from mail order diabetes sales decreased by $0.9 million, or 3%, to $32.3 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014 from $33.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013, primarily as a result of a reduction in the Center for Medicare & Medicaid Services’ reimbursement rates for those products, which became effective on July 1, 2013, the effect of which was partially offset by an increase in patients served from 282,000 at the end of the first quarter of 2013 to 769,000 as of March 31, 2014. Excluding the impact of acquisitions, the increase in net product sales from meter-based Triage products in the U.S., the impact of the decrease in flu-related sales during the comparable periods, and the decrease in organic revenues from our U.S. mail order diabetes business impacted by the reduction in CMS’ reimbursement rates which became effective on July 1, 2013, the currency-adjusted organic growth for our professional diagnostics net product sales and services revenue was approximately $18.4 million, or 4%, from the three months ended March 31, 2013 to the three months ended March 31, 2014.
Within our professional diagnostics business segment, net product sales and services revenue for our cardiology business increased by approximately $6.7 million, or 6%, to $121.6 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $114.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The increase during the first quarter of 2014 was principally driven by an increase in sales of our Triage, Cholestech LDX and epoc products, offset by a decline in sales of our Alere INRatio2 PT/INR professional test strip in the U.S. due to a voluntary recall. Net product sales and services revenue for our infectious disease business decreased by approximately $25.8 million, or 14%, to $164.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $189.8 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The decrease was primarily due to a larger-than-expected reduction in U.S. healthcare utilization during the first quarter of 2014, as compared to the first quarter of 2013. Net product sales and services revenue for our toxicology business increased by approximately $2.9 million, or 2%, to $151.9 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $149.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. Our diabetes business increased by approximately $0.6 million, or 1%, to $50.7 million for the three months ended March 31, 2014, from $50.1 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013. The increase was primarily the result of our recent acquisitions of the Medicare fee-for-service assets of Liberty Medical, or the Liberty business, and Simplex Healthcare, Inc., or Simplex, which contributed a combined net $21.1 million of the non-currency adjusted incremental revenue, offsetting the decline in revenue attributable to the reduction in CMS’s reimbursement rates described above. Included in the $50.7 million of revenue from our diabetes business for the three months ended March 31, 2014 were $32.3 million of mail order diabetes sales, compared to $33.2 million for the three months ended March 31, 2013.


89230 5/6/2014 5/6/2014
Alere Initiates Voluntary Urgent Product Recall of Alere INRatio®2 PT/INR Professional Test Strips

Healthcare Professionals Should Stop Using Strips
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - May 6, 2014 - WALTHAM, Mass. – Alere Inc. (NYSE:ALR) has initiated a voluntary Class 1 recall in the U.S. of the Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strips (PN 99008G2). This action is a result of complaints of patients who had a therapeutic or near therapeutic INR with the Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strip but a significantly higher INR (outside of therapeutic range) when performed by a central laboratory.

Alere has received nine serious adverse event reports, three of which described bleeding associated with patient deaths. The reason for the adverse event reports was significantly different test results between the Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strip and the local laboratory plasma INR test. The Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strip results were between 3.1 – 12.2 INR units lower than the laboratory result.

The root cause for this issue has not yet been determined; therefore Alere cannot determine the patient conditions or circumstances that may contribute to the discrepancy. Given these reports, Alere is concerned that the Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strips may report an inaccurately low INR result. Therefore, Alere has notified customers of the discrepant results and has advised them to immediately STOP using the Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strips and use an alternative method to perform PT/INR testing, such as a plasma-based laboratory INR test, an alternative Alere product, or an alternative point-of-care monitoring system from a different manufacturer. Alere has requested that customers return unused product to the company.

Alere will transition customers from the current Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strip to the Alere INRatio PT/INR Test Strip (PN 100139). The voluntary recall does not include the Alere INRatio PT/INR Test Strip (PN 100071), which is utilized by patient self-testers for home INR monitoring.

As part of its commitment to ensuring the safety of patients, Alere has reported these complaints to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and is conducting a thorough investigation into these events.

Customers with questions regarding this recall or requiring replacement product can contact Alere at 844-292-5373. For additional information on the recall customers should go to www.inr-care.com disclaimer icon .

Adverse events or quality problems experienced with the use of this product may be reported to the FDA's MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program either online, by regular mail or by fax.
•Complete and submit the report Online: www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm
•Regular Mail or Fax Download form www.fda.gov/MedWatch/getforms.htm or call 1-800-332-1088 to request a reporting form, then complete and return to the address on the pre-addressed form, or submit by fax to 1-800-FDA-0178.

This recall is being conducted with the knowledge of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

About the Alere INRatio®2 PT/INR Professional Monitoring System
 The Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Monitoring System, consisting of the Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Monitor and the Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Test Strip, is intended for use in the quantitative determination of International Normalized Ratio (INR) in fresh capillary whole blood to monitor the effect of warfarin on clotting time by health care professionals. The Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Monitoring System is intended for use outside of the body (in vitro diagnostic use). The Alere INRatio2 PT/INR Professional Monitoring System is not intended to be used for screening purposes and is not intended for use in patients who are transitioning from heparin treatment to warfarin therapy.


88475 5/23/2014 5/23/2014
Vascular Solutions, Inc. Issues Recall of Langston Dual Lumen Catheters
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - May 23, 2014 - Vascular Solutions, Inc. initiated a voluntary nationwide recall of Langston dual lumen catheters used in catheterization procedures. The Langston dual lumen catheter is indicated for delivery of contrast medium in angiographic studies and for simultaneous pressure measurement from two sites. This type of pressure measurement is useful in determining transvalvular, intravascular, and intraventricular pressure gradients. Specific lots of the products have been recalled because of the potential for the inner catheter to separate from the hub during use and travel into the patient’s circulation. This may require an intervention or surgery to retrieve the separated piece. In addition, the operator may be at increased risk of contact with contrast or bodily fluid, which could potentially result in infection or injury to the operator.

To date, there have been two reports of the inner catheter entering the patient’s ventricle, requiring retrieval. No injuries have been reported.

Healthcare facilities that have the affected Langston dual lumen catheters should remove the products from their inventory and return them to Vascular Solutions. A list of recalled lots is available from Vascular Solutions and has been provided to each facility that purchased the affected products. The specific affected lots of Langston were of Model Numbers 5540 and 5550, were manufactured from January 2014 to April 2014, and distributed from March 2014 to May 2014. A total of 8,580 of the catheters subject to the recall were sold, with approximately 3,847 still unused in the field.

Vascular Solutions initiated the voluntary recall and notified its affected customers by letter, following-up by phone call and in-person visit as necessary to ensure the return of all available affected products. To date, over 86% of inventory has been accounted for and product is being returned to the company. The notification included instructions on how to return the affected products.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) classified this as a Class 1 recall. FDA defines Class 1 recalls as, “a situation where there is a reasonable probability that the use of, or exposure to, a violative product will cause serious adverse health consequences or death.”

Consumers with questions may contact Vascular Solutions by phone at 1-888-240-6001 Monday through Friday, between the hours of 8:00 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. Central Time or by email at customerservice@vasc.com. Adverse reactions or quality problems experienced with the use of this product may be reported to the FDA:
•Online at http://www.fda.gov/Safety/MedWatch/HowToReport/default.htm (form available to fax or mail), or
•Call FDA 1-800-FDA-1088


60097 10/10/2014 10/10/2014
Covidien Initiates Voluntary Field Safety Alert for 
Medi-Trace™ Cadence and Kendall™ Multi-function Defibrillation Electrodes

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE - October 10, 2014 - Covidien today announced that it has notified customers of a voluntary Field Safety Alert for certain Medi-Trace™ Cadence and Kendall™ Multi-function Defibrillation Electrodes due to a connector compatibility issue with Philips FR3 and FRx Defibrillators. 
These electrodes will not connect with Philips FR3 or FRx AED units, and in the case of the use of Covidien defibrillation electrodes with the Philips FR3 AED units, could result in a delay of therapy. The FRx AED unit requires the pads to be pre-connected, and will issue a continuous alarm chirp to alert the user that the proper pads are not connected to the unit prior to use. The FR3, however, does not require pre-connection and the user will not discover the compatibility issue until the AED must be used. This may result in a delay in therapy. 

Philips FR3 and FRx AED units should only be used with the Philips brand electrodes specified in the equipment manual. 

Covidien has received two reports where customers attempted to use a Covidien electrode with a Philips FR3 AED unit. The mismatch of these devices contributed to a delay in resuscitation and may have contributed to the subsequent death of one patient. 

Covidien alerted customers to the this issue by letter on September 18, 2014, and has revised labeling to clarify that use of these electrodes is incompatible with Philips FR3 and FRx AED units. 

The Field Safety Alert requests that customers review the use of Covidien defibrillation electrodes in their facility to assure that Covidien electrodes are not placed for use with Philips model FR3 or FRx AEDs. 

There are a total of 644,460 electrodes affected by this safety alert. 

The following Covidien electrodes are affected:
•22660R – Medi-Trace™ Cadence Adult Multi-Function Defibrillation Electrodes Radiotransparent
•22660PC - Medi-Trace™ Cadence Adult Multi-Function Defibrillation Electrodes Pre-connect
•20660 - Kendall™ Adult Multi-Function Defibrillation Electrodes
•40000006 - Kendall™ 1710H Multi-Function Defibrillation Electrodes
In addition, similar private label electrodes produced by Covidien were also distributed under the following brands, and have the same connector compatibility issue:
•MC1710H - MediChoice® Multifunction Electrode
•M3718A – Philips HEARTSTART Multifunction Electrode Pads
The Field Safety Alert applies to all lot numbers distributed globally. 

The Food and Drug Administration has classified this as a Class 1 Recall, the most serious recall where there is a reasonable risk of a serious adverse health consequences or death. 

For further information or to report a problem, please contact Covidien Quality Assurance at 1-800-962-9888, option 8, then extension 2500 between the hours of 8 a.m. and 5 p.m. (eastern) or email Mansfield.productmonitoring@covidien.com  

Health care professionals and customers may report adverse events or quality problems experienced with the use of this product to the FDA’s MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program either online, by regular mail, fax or by phone. 


77605 12/9/2015 12/9/2015
Boston Scientific (NYSE: BSX) has voluntarily recalled the Chariot™ Guiding Sheath globally. These devices are intended for the introduction of interventional devices during peripheral vascular procedures, and were recalled on November 19th due to the risk of shaft separation. The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has classified the action as a Class-1 recall.

To date, Boston Scientific has received fourteen complaints for shaft separation, four of which involved separation of the distal shaft. These events occurred during device preparation or use. The most severe outcome of this failure is embolism of device fragments, which could lead to obstruction of blood flow or additional intervention to remove a device fragment. Obstruction of blood flow can result in injuries such as stroke, kidney damage or damage to the intestines or limbs. To date, no permanent injuries or patient deaths have been reported.

All affected healthcare facilities were previously advised to immediately discontinue use of affected devices and return unused Chariot Guiding Sheaths to Boston Scientific. Additionally, physicians are encouraged to contact all patients who have undergone procedures involving Chariot to confirm their post-procedure status, as device shaft separation and embolized fragments may not have been recognized at the time of the procedure.

The recall affects all UPNs of the Chariot Guiding Sheaths. Customers have been advised to remove the affected recalled product from inventory and return it to Boston Scientific.



H74939277645110

H74939277745110

H74939277845110

H74939277645220

H74939277765120

H74939277690210 H74939277665110 H74939277790110 H74939277645120 H74939277865120 
H74939277690220 H74939277690110 H74939277865110 H74939277745120 H74939277890120 
H74939277845210 H74939277765110 H74939277545210 H74939277790210  H74939277845120 
H74939277745210 H74939277545110 H74939277790220 H74939277790120 H74939277745220 
H74939277645210 H74939277690120 H74939277665120 H74939277890110   

Physicians and healthcare facilities can direct questions to their Boston Scientific representative or by calling 1-800-811-3211. Adverse reactions or quality problems experienced with the use of this product may be reported to the FDA MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program either online, by regular mail or by fax.
•Complete and submit the report Online: www.fda.gov/medwatch/report.htm
•Regular Mail or Fax: Download form www.fda.gov/MedWatch/getforms.htm or call 1-800-332-1088 to request a reporting form, then complete and return to the address on the pre-addressed form, or submit by fax to 1-800-FDA-0178
Health care professionals and consumers may report serious adverse events or product quality problems with the use of this product to Boston Scientific by calling 1-800-811-3211 and to the FDA’s MedWatch Adverse Event Reporting program either online, by regular mail, fax or phone.


10942 8/9/2006 8/17/2006
COMVERSE TECHNOLOGY  TERMINATES FORMER EXECUTIVES'  EMPLOYMENT  ARRANGEMENTS AND
DETERMINES TO PURSUE LEGAL REMEDIES
Thursday August 17, 4:42 pm ET
NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Aug. 17, 2006--Comverse Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:
CMVT - News) today announced that, in accordance with determinations of the
Special Committee of its Board of Directors, the company is providing notice to
Kobi Alexander, its former Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer,
David Kreinberg, its former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
and William Sorin, a former director and its former General Counsel, terminating
all prior employment or similar agreements or arrangements with the company,
including the agreements entered into on April 28, 2006, and revoking any and
all vested and unvested unexercised options, restricted stock and any other
equity compensation previously granted. The company is not making any severance
or other payments to Mr. Alexander, Mr. Kreinberg or Mr. Sorin in connection
with the termination of any such agreements or arrangements and the company will
pursue rights and remedies against them in respect of their acts or omissions
relating to stock option grants. The Special Committee is continuing its work
and is considering other appropriate actions.


85032 4/19/2007 5/1/2007
Risks Relating to Legal and Regulatory Matters
Any adverse outcome of the material matters pending against us, which include the remaining securities actions, the KPNQwest litigation and the investigation currently being conducted by the Department of Justice, or DOJ, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results, on the trading price of our debt and equity securities and on our ability to access the capital markets.
As described in Note 8—Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this report, the remaining securities actions, certain of the KPNQwest litigation, and the DOJ investigation present material and significant risks to us. In the aggregate, the plaintiffs in the remaining securities actions and the KPNQwest litigation, as well as persons who, at their request, were excluded from the settlement class in the consolidated securities action, seek billions of dollars in damages. In addition, the outcome of one or more of these matters or the DOJ investigation could have a negative impact on the outcomes of the other actions. Further, the size, scope and nature of the restatements of our consolidated financial statements for 2001 and 2000, which are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2002, affect the risks presented by many of these matters as they involve, among other things, our prior accounting practices and related disclosures. Plaintiffs in certain of the remaining securities actions have alleged our restatement of items in support of their claims. We continue to defend against the remaining securities actions and the KPNQwest litigation vigorously and are currently unable to provide any estimate as to the timing of their resolution.
We can give no assurance as to the impacts on our financial results or financial condition that may ultimately result from these matters. With respect to the remaining securities actions and any additional actions that may be brought by parties who, at their request, were excluded from the settlement class in the consolidated securities action but who have not yet filed suit, we have recorded reserves in our financial statements for the minimum estimated amount of loss we believe is probable. However, the ultimate outcomes of those claims are still uncertain, and the amount of loss we ultimately incur could be substantially more than the reserves we have provided. If the recorded reserves are insufficient, we will need to record additional charges to our consolidated statement of operations in future periods. In addition, settlements or judgments in several of these actions substantially in excess of our recorded reserves could have a significant impact on us. The magnitude of such settlements or judgments resulting from these matters could materially and adversely affect our financial condition and ability to meet our debt obligations, potentially impacting our credit ratings, our ability to access capital markets and our compliance with debt covenants. In addition, the magnitude of any such settlements or judgments may cause us to draw down significantly on our cash balances, which might force us to obtain additional financing or explore other methods to generate cash. Such methods could include issuing additional securities or selling assets.
Further, there are other material proceedings pending against us as described in Note 8—Commitments and Contingencies to our condensed consolidated financial statements in Item 1 of Part I of this report that, depending on their outcome, may have a material adverse effect on our financial position. Thus, we can give no assurances as to the impacts on our financial results or financial condition as a result of these matters.
Current or future civil or criminal actions against our former officers and employees could reduce investor confidence and cause the trading price of our securities to decline.
As a result of our past accounting issues, investor confidence in us has suffered and could suffer further. Although we have consummated a settlement with the SEC concerning its investigation of us, in March 2005, the SEC filed suit against our former chief executive officer, Joseph Nacchio, two of our former chief financial officers, Robert Woodruff and Robin Szeliga, and other former officers and employees. In December 2005, a criminal indictment was filed against Mr. Nacchio charging him with 42 counts of insider trading.
A trial took place in March and April 2007 in connection with the criminal charges against Mr. Nacchio. Mr. Nacchio was convicted on 19 counts of insider trading. A trial could also take place in the pending SEC lawsuit against Mr. Nacchio and others. Evidence introduced at such trials and in other matters may result in further scrutiny by governmental authorities and others. The existence of this heightened scrutiny could adversely affect investor confidence and cause the trading price of our securities to decline.
We operate in a highly regulated industry and are therefore exposed to restrictions on our manner of doing business and a variety of claims relating to such regulation.
Our operations are subject to significant federal regulation, including the Communications Act of 1934, as modified by the Telecommunications Act of 1996, or the Telecommunications Act, and the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, regulations thereunder. We are also subject to the applicable laws and regulations of various states, including regulation by public utility commissions, or PUCs, and other state agencies. Federal laws and FCC regulations generally apply to regulated interstate telecommunications (including international telecommunications that originate or terminate in the United States), while state regulatory authorities generally have jurisdiction over regulated telecommunications services that are intrastate in nature. The local competition aspects of the Telecommunications Act are subject to FCC rulemaking, but the state regulatory authorities play a significant role in implementing those FCC rules. Generally, we must obtain and maintain certificates of authority from regulatory bodies in most states where we offer regulated services and must obtain prior regulatory approval of rates, terms and conditions for our intrastate services, where required. Our businesses are subject to numerous, and often quite detailed, requirements under federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations. Accordingly, we cannot ensure that we are always in compliance with all these requirements at any single point in time. The agencies responsible for the enforcement of these laws, rules and regulations may initiate inquiries or actions based on their own perceptions of our conduct, or based on customer complaints.
Regulation of the telecommunications industry is changing rapidly, and the regulatory environment varies substantially from state to state. A number of state legislatures and state PUCs have adopted reduced or modified forms of regulation for retail services. This is generally beneficial to us because it reduces regulatory costs and regulatory filing and reporting requirements. These changes also generally allow more flexibility for new product introduction and enhance our ability to respond to competition. At the same time, some of the changes, occurring at both the state and federal level, may have the potential effect of reducing some regulatory protections, including having FCC-approved tariffs that include rates, terms and conditions. These changes may necessitate the need for customer-specific contracts to address matters previously covered in our tariffs. Despite these regulatory changes, a substantial portion of our local voice services revenue remains subject to FCC and state PUC pricing regulation, which could expose us to unanticipated price declines. There can be no assurance that future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on our operations, or that regulators or third parties will not raise material issues with regard to our compliance or noncompliance with applicable regulations.
All of our operations are also subject to a variety of environmental, safety, health and other governmental regulations. We monitor our compliance with federal, state and local regulations governing the discharge and disposal of hazardous and environmentally sensitive materials, including the emission of electromagnetic radiation. Although we believe that we are in compliance with such regulations, any such discharge, disposal or emission might expose us to claims or actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.


80193 3/29/2007 3/29/2007
Item 7.01. Regulation FD Disclosure.

On March 29, 2007, Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (“Beazer Homes” or the “Company”) received notice that a purported securities class action complaint was filed against Beazer Homes, Ian J. McCarthy, its Chief Executive Officer, James O’Leary, its former Chief Financial Officer, Michael T. Rand, its Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer and Kenneth J. Gary, its former General Counsel, in the United States District Court, Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division, on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of Beazer Homes’ common stock between July 27, 2006 and March 27, 2007. The complaint alleges that the defendants issued materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s business and prospects because Beazer Homes did not disclose facts known by the defendants related to alleged improper lending practices in its mortgage origination business. Beazer Homes believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself. The complaint has been recently filed and has not been served on the Company or the individual defendants.

On March 26, 2007, Beazer Homes’ subsidiaries, Beazer Homes Corp. and Beazer Mortgage Corporation, were served with a purported class action complaint on behalf of a class defined as North Carolina residents who purchased homes in subdivisions in North Carolina containing homes constructed by the defendants where the foreclosure rate is significantly higher than the statewide average. The complaint was filed in the General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division, County of Mecklenburg, State of North Carolina. The complaint alleges that the defendants utilized unfair trade practices to allow low income purchasers to qualify for loans they allegedly could not afford. Beazer Homes believes that the complaint is without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.

Beazer Homes is reviewing and evaluating the complaints described above and is currently unable to predict the outcome of the actions or the length of time it will take to resolve either action.

The Company does not intend to file further Current Reports on Form 8-K describing additional purported class action lawsuits or shareholder derivative claims, if any, in either federal or state court, which are based on allegations substantially similar to those contained in the complaints described herein.


80193 3/29/2007 4/26/2007
(8) Contingencies

United States Attorney Inquiry and Outstanding Litigation- As previously disclosed in our Form 8-K dated March 27, 2007, Beazer Homes received a subpoena from the United States Attorney’s office in the Western District of North Carolina, seeking the production of documents focusing on our mortgage origination services and, together with certain of our subsidiaries and current and former officers, has been named as a defendant in a putative securities class action lawsuit and a putative homeowner class action lawsuit.  The Company has also recently learned that a second putative homeowner class action lawsuit has been filed in South Carolina and that it was named as a nominal defendant in a shareholder derivative complaint filed on April 16, 2007 against certain of our current and former executive officers and directors claiming violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 and breaches of fiduciary duty based on matters related to the Company’s mortgage origination business.  We are cooperating with the United States Attorney and the document production request and intend to vigorously defend each of the lawsuits.  The Audit Committee of the Beazer Homes Board of Directors has initiated an independent internal review of Beazer Homes’ mortgage origination business and related matters and has retained independent legal counsel and an independent financial consultant to assist with that review. The U.S. Attorney inquiry and the related internal review by the Audit Committee and the outstanding lawsuits are in their early stages.  At this time, we cannot predict the outcome of these matters or the length of time it will take to resolve them. For more detailed information see Part II, Item 1. Legal Proceedings of this Form 10-Q.

Trinity Claims - Beazer Homes and certain of our subsidiaries have been and continue to be named as defendants in various construction defect claims, complaints and other legal actions that include claims related to moisture intrusion and mold. We have experienced a significant number of such claims in our Midwest region and particularly with respect to homes built by Trinity Homes LLC, a subsidiary which was acquired in the Crossmann acquisition in 2002.

As of March 31, 2007, there were six pending lawsuits related to such complaints received by Trinity. All suits are by individual homeowners, and the cost to resolve these matters is not expected to be material, either individually or in the aggregate. Additionally, a class action suit was filed in the State of Indiana in August 2003 against Trinity Homes LLC. The parties in the class action reached a settlement agreement which was approved by the court on October 20, 2004. The settlement class includes, with certain exclusions, the current owners of all Trinity homes that have brick veneer, where the closing of Trinity’s initial sale of the home took place between June 1, 1998 and October 31, 2002. The settlement agreement establishes an agreed protocol and process for assessment and remediation of any external water intrusion issues at the homes which includes, among other things, that the homes will be repaired at Trinity’s expense. The settlement agreement also provides for payment of plaintiffs’ attorneys’ fees and for Trinity to pay an agreed amount for engineering inspection costs for each home for which a claim is filed under the settlement.

Under the settlement, subject to Trinity’s timely performance of the specified assessments and remediation activities for homeowners who file claims, each homeowner releases Trinity, Beazer Homes Investment Corp. and other affiliated companies, including Beazer Homes, from the claims asserted in the class action lawsuit, claims arising out of external water intrusion, claims of improper brick installation, including property damage claims, loss or diminution of property value claims, and most personal injury claims, among others. No appeals of the court’s order approving the settlement were received by the court within the timeframe established by the court.  The Company sent out the claims notices on December 17, 2004, and the class members had until February 15, 2005 to file claims. A total of 1,310 valid claims were filed (of the 2,161 total class members), of which 613 complaints had been received prior to our receipt of the claim notices. Class members who did not file a claim by February 15, 2005 are no longer able to file a class action claim under the settlement or pursue an individual claim against Trinity. As of March 31, 2007, we have completed remediation of 1,226 homes related to 1,803 total Trinity claims.
Our warranty reserves at March 31, 2007 and September 30, 2006 include accruals for our estimated costs to assess and remediate all homes for which Trinity had received complaints related to moisture intrusion and mold, including a provision for legal fees. Warranty reserves also include accruals for class action claims received, pursuant to the settlement discussed above, from class members who had not previously contacted Trinity with complaints.

The cost to assess and remediate a home depends on the extent of moisture damage, if any, that the home has incurred. Homes for which we receive complaints are classified into one of three categories: 1) homes with no moisture damage, 2) homes with isolated moisture damage or 3) homes with extensive moisture damage.

As of March 31, 2007 and September 30, 2006, we accrued for our estimated cost to remediate homes that we had assessed and assigned to one of the above categories, as well as our estimated cost to remediate those homes for which an assessment had not yet been performed. For purposes of our accrual, we have historically assigned homes not yet assessed to categories based on our expectations about the extent of damage and trends observed from the results of assessments performed to date. In addition, our cost estimation process considers the subdivision of the claimant along with the categorization discussed above. Once a home is categorized, detailed budgets are used as the basis to prepare our estimated costs to remediate such home.

During fiscal 2004, we initiated a program under which we offered to repurchase a limited number of homes from specific homeowners. The program was concluded during the first quarter of fiscal 2005. We repurchased a total of 54 homes under the program. During the six months ended March 31, 2007, the Company sold five of the repurchased homes, bringing the total homes sold to date to 27. The remaining 27 homes were acquired for an aggregate purchase price of $11.6 million. The accrual at March 31, 2007 includes the estimated costs to sell homes that we have repurchased, and our estimated losses on the sale of those homes, if any.

The following accruals at March 31 represent our best estimates of the costs to resolve all asserted complaints associated with Trinity moisture intrusion and related mold issues. We regularly review our estimate of these costs. During the quarter ended March 31, 2007, we adjusted our estimate of these costs and the related accruals based on historical experience in resolving such complaints and reduced our accrual by $6.0 million. Since the commencement of the remediation program, our remediation cost per home has continued to decrease as homes requiring more extensive repairs were addressed first and our internal processes and procedures, including enhanced contractor bid negotiations and inspections, improved as experience gained in addressing these issues has yielded meaningful benefits on a per home basis. Changes in the accrual for Trinity moisture intrusion and related mold issues during the period were as follows (in thousands):
 
 
 
Three Months Ended
 
Six Months Ended
 
 	 	
March 31,
 	
March 31,
 
 	 	
2007
 	
2006
 	
2007
 	
2006
 
Balance at beginning of period
 	
$
45,711
 	
$
78,056
 	
$
47,704
 	
$
80,708
 
Reductions
 	 	
(6,000
)
 	
(6,500
)
 	
(6,000
)
 	
(6,500
)
Payments
 	 	
(2,736
)
 	
(2,075
)
 	
(4,729
)
 	
(4,727
)
Balance at end of period
 	
$
36,975
 	
$
69,481
 	
$
36,975
 	
$
69,481
 
 
15
 
Actual costs to assess and remediate homes in each category and subdivision, the extent of damage to homes not yet assessed, estimates of costs to sell the remaining repurchased homes, and losses on such sales could differ from our estimates. As a result, the costs to resolve existing complaints could differ from our recorded accruals and have a material adverse effect on our earnings in the periods in which the matters are resolved. Additionally, it is possible that we will incur additional losses related to these matters, including additional losses related to homes for which we have not yet received complaints.

Warranty Reserves - We currently provide a limited warranty (ranging from one to two years) covering workmanship and materials per our defined performance quality standards. In addition, we provide a limited warranty (generally ranging from a minimum of five years up to the period covered by the applicable statute of repose) covering only certain defined construction defects. We also provide a defined structural element warranty with single-family homes and townhomes in certain states.

Since Beazer Homes subcontracts its homebuilding work to subcontractors who generally provide us with an indemnity and a certificate of insurance prior to receiving payments for their work, many claims relating to workmanship and materials are the primary responsibility of the subcontractors.

As noted above, our warranty reserves at March 31, 2007 and September 30, 2006 include accruals for Trinity moisture intrusion and related mold issues. Warranty reserves are included in other payables and accrued liabilities in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. We record reserves covering anticipated warranty expense for each home closed. Management reviews the adequacy of warranty reserves each reporting period based on historical experience and management’s estimate of the costs to remediate the claims and adjusts these provisions accordingly. While we believe that our warranty reserves are adequate, historical data and trends may not accurately predict actual warranty costs, or future developments could lead to a significant change in the reserve.

Changes in our warranty reserves, which include amounts related to the Trinity moisture intrusion and mold issues discussed above, during the period are as follows (in thousands):
 
 	 	
Three Months Ended
March 31,
 
Six Months Ended
March 31,
 
 	 	
2007
 
2006
 
2007
 
2006
 
Balance at beginning of period
 	
$
95,843
 	
$
131,805
 	
$
101,033
 	
$
138,033
 
Provisions
 	 	
4,461
 	 	
5,724
 	 	
10,658
 	 	
11,582
 
Payments
 	 	
(10,834
)
 	
(12,537
)
 	
(22,221
)
 	
(24,623
)
Balance at end of period
 	
$
89,470
 	
$
124,992
 	
$
89,470
 	
$
124,992
 
 
16
 
Other Contingencies - We and certain of our subsidiaries have been named as defendants in various claims, complaints and other legal actions, including matters relating to moisture intrusion and related mold claims, construction defects and product liability. Certain of the liabilities resulting from these actions are covered in whole or part by insurance. With respect to certain general liability exposures, including construction defect, moisture intrusion and related mold claims and product liability claims, interpretation of underlying current and future trends, assessment of claims and the related liability and reserve estimation process is highly judgmental due to the complex nature of these exposures, with each exposure exhibiting unique circumstances. In particular, for construction defect liability there is some degree of uncertainty related to the recoverability of insurance proceeds, when losses occur, the size of each loss, expectations for future interpretive rulings concerning contract provisions, possible recovery against other responsible parties, and the extent to which the assertion of these claims will expand geographically. In our opinion, based on our current assessment, the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

We had performance bonds and outstanding letters of credit of approximately $836.0 million and $95.3 million, respectively, at March 31, 2007 related principally to our obligations to local governments to construct roads and other improvements in various developments in addition to the letters of credit of approximately $58.6 million relating to our land option contracts discussed in Note 3. We do not believe that any such letters of credit or bonds are likely to be drawn upon.


Item 1. Legal Proceedings

United States Attorney Inquiry. As previously disclosed in our Form 8-K dated March 27, 2007, Beazer Homes and its subsidiary Beazer Mortgage Corporation received a subpoena from the United States Attorney’s office in the Western District of North Carolina, upon application of the Office of Housing and Urban Development, Office of Inspector General, seeking the production of documents focusing on our mortgage origination services. We are cooperating with the United States Attorney and the document production request. The Audit Committee of Beazer Homes’ Board of Directors has initiated an internal review of Beazer Homes’ mortgage origination business and related matters and has retained independent legal counsel and an independent financial consultant to assist with that review.

Securities Class Action. Beazer Homes and certain of our current and former executive officers were named as defendants in a putative class action securities lawsuit filed on March 29, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. Plaintiffs filed this action on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of Beazer Homes’ common stock between July 27, 2006 and March 27, 2007. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder by issuing materially false and misleading statements regarding our business and prospects because we did not disclose facts related to alleged improper lending practices in our mortgage origination business. Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages. At this time, we have found no evidence to support the allegations and intend to vigorously defend the Company.

Derivative Shareholder Action. Certain of Beazer Homes’ current and former executive officers and directors were named as defendants in a derivative shareholder suit filed on April 16, 2007 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. The complaint also names Beazer Homes as a nominal defendant. The complaint, purportedly on behalf of Beazer Homes, alleges that the defendants 1) violated Sections 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder; 2) breached their fiduciary duties and misappropriated information; 3) abused their control; 4) wasted corporate assets; and 5) were unjustly enriched. Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages against the individual defendants and in favor of Beazer Homes. At this time, Beazer Homes has found no evidence to support the allegations and the defendants intend to vigorously defend against the claims.
 
40
 
Homeowners Class Actions. Beazer Homes’ subsidiary, Beazer Homes Corp. and Beazer Mortgage Corporation, are defendants in a putative class action lawsuit filed on March 23, 2007 in the General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division, County of Mecklenberg, State of North Carolina. The complaint was filed on behalf of a putative class defined as North Carolina residents who purchased homes in subdivisions in North Carolina containing homes constructed by the defendants where the foreclosure rate is allegedly significantly higher than the state-wide average. The complaint alleges that the defendants utilized unfair trade practices to allow low income purchasers to qualify for loans they allegedly could not afford. Plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages and also request that any damage award be trebled. At this time, we have found no evidence to support the allegations and intend to vigorously defend this action.

A second similar putative homeowner class action lawsuit was filed on April 23, 2007 in the Federal District Court for the State of South Carolina, Columbia Division. The complaint alleges that Beazer Homes Corp. and Beazer Mortgage Corporation illegally financed the purchase of homes sold to low income purchasers, who allegedly would not have otherwise qualified for the loans, and seeks an unspecified amount of damages, including damages for alleged violations of federal RICO statutes. At this time we have found no evidence to support the allegations and intend to vigorously defend this action.

The investigation by the United States Attorney’s office, the related internal review by the Audit Committee and the class action lawsuits and the derivative shareholder lawsuit described above are in their early stages. At this time, management cannot predict the outcome of any such matters or the length of time it will take to resolve any of the above.
 
EPA Information Request. In November 2003, Beazer Homes received a request for information from the EPA pursuant to Section 308 of the Clean Water Act seeking information concerning the nature and extent of storm water discharge practices relating to certain of our projects completed or under construction. The EPA has since requested information on additional projects and has conducted site inspections at a number of locations. In certain instances, the EPA or the equivalent state agency has issued Administrative Orders identifying alleged instances of noncompliance and requiring corrective action to address the alleged deficiencies in storm water management practices. As of March 31, 2007, no monetary penalties have been imposed in connection with such Administrative Orders. The EPA has reserved the right to impose monetary penalties at a later date, the amount of which, if any, cannot currently be estimated. Beazer Homes has taken action to comply with the requirements of each of the Administrative Orders and is working to otherwise maintain compliance with the requirements of the Clean Water Act.

In June 2006, we received an Administrative Order issued by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection alleging certain violations of a wetlands disturbance permit with respect to a project in New Jersey, and assessing a proposed fine of $630,000. We met with the Department to discuss their concerns and requested a hearing on the matter which has not yet been scheduled. We believe that we have significant defenses to the alleged violations and intend to contest the agency’s findings and the proposed fine.

In August 2006, we received an Administrative Order issued by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection alleging certain violations of a wetlands disturbance permit with respect to a second project in New Jersey, and assessing a proposed fine of $678,000. We met with the Department to discuss their concerns and requested a hearing on the matter which has not yet been scheduled. We believe that we have significant defenses to the alleged violations and intend to contest the agency’s findings and the proposed fine.

We and certain of our subsidiaries have been named as defendants in various claims, complaints and other legal actions, most relating to construction defects, moisture intrusion and related mold claims and product liability. Certain of the liabilities resulting from these actions are covered in whole or part by insurance. In our opinion, based on its current assessment, the ultimate resolution of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.


80193 3/29/2007 4/26/2007
BEAZER HOMES CONFERENCE CALL
RESULTS FOR THE QUARTER ENDED MARCH 31, 2007
APRIL 26, 2007 10:00 AM ET
 
Operator 
 
Good morning and welcome to the Beazer Homes second fiscal quarter 2007 earnings conference call. Today's call is being recorded and will be hosted by Ian McCarthy, the Company's Chief Executive Officer. Before we begin, Leslie Kratcoski, Vice President of Investor Relations, will give instructions on accessing the Company's slide presentation over the Internet, and will make comments regarding forward-looking information.
 
Leslie Kratcoski - Beazer Homes USA Inc. - VP IR
 
Good morning everyone and welcome to the Beazer Homes conference call on our results for the quarter ended March 31, 2007. During this call we will webcast a synchronized slide presentation. To access the slide presentation go to the Investor home page at Beazer.com and click on the webcast link in the center of the screen.

Before we begin, you should be aware that during this call we will be making forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially. Such risks, uncertainties and other factors are described in the Company's SEC filings, including its annual report on Form 10-K and other reports filed with the Commission from time to time.

Today's presentation also includes non-GAAP financial measures, adjusted net income and earnings per diluted share for the quarters ended March 31, 2007 and 2006. For a reconciliation of the closest GAAP measure, please refer to our earnings press release issued today or the appendix to the slide presentation, both of which are available in the Investor Relations portion of Beazer.com.

Ian McCarthy, our President and Chief Executive Officer, and Mike Rand, our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, will give a brief presentation, after which they will address questions you may have for the duration of this one-hour conference call. In the interest of time and allowing everyone a chance to ask questions, we do kindly request that you limit yourself to one question and then one follow-up.

I would now like to turn the call over to Ian McCarthy.
 
Ian McCarthy - Beazer Homes USA Inc. - President, CEO
 
Thank you all for joining us on the call today. The financial results we have announced this morning for the second quarter of fiscal 2007 reflects the challenging operating conditions we continue to experience. Revenues totaled $826 million on home closings of 2,743, decreases of 35 and 36% respectively, from the prior year's second quarter record results.

Our average sales price of $280,200 represents a 4% decrease from $292,400 a year ago, and a 1% decrease from $283,100 achieved in the December quarter. This reflects the competitive sales conditions as well as lower percentage of closings coming from markets with higher average sales prices.

New home orders were down 3% from the prior year. We were pleased with these new orders for the quarter, since we have been very focused on reducing our unsold inventory levels. However, as I will elaborate shortly, the sales environment continues to be very difficult.

In light of the current market environment, and following a comprehensive review of our inventory and land option contracts, we incurred an $86.9 million charge, a pretax charge, this quarter for inventory impairments, impairments of investments in joint ventures, and abandonment of land option contracts. As a result, we recorded a net loss of $43 million, or $1.12 per share. Excluding these charges, adjusted net income was $11.2 million, or $0.30 per diluted share.

Clearly, operating conditions remained challenging for the housing industry during our second quarter. Most markets continue to experience lower levels of demand, coupled with higher levels of inventory, resulting in increased competition and continued significant discounting.
 
 
While we were pleased with our new orders for the quarter, at this point in the traditional spring selling season, we have yet to see any consistent evidence that a sustainable recovery in the housing market is underway. We expect that current conditions will continue to put pressure on homebuilders' operating results.

During the second quarter, as we entered the spring selling season, we continued to focus on initiatives aimed at strengthening our financial capabilities and positioning ourselves for a significantly more competitive environment. These initiatives included ongoing comprehensive reviews of our direct costs and overhead, converting existing backlog into closings, and reducing our controlled lot count and unsold home inventory.

We believe this disciplined approach to the business, coupled with our broad geographic and product diversity, positions us well for the difficult market environment today and the eventual upturn. We maintain our belief that the long-term industry fundamentals, based on demographic-driven demand and employment trends, together with further supply constraints, remain compelling.

For the March quarter new home orders totaled 4,085, a 3 percent decline from the prior year's record second quarter. Increases in new home orders of 22, 8 and 6% in the West, Mid-Atlantic and Florida, were offset by lower new home orders in the Southeast and other home-building segments of 12 and 21%, respectively.

The cancellation rate for the second quarter improved to 29%, compared to 33% in the prior year's second quarter. It was during the first and second quarters of last fiscal year that we began to experience sequential increases in cancellation rates. The 29% cancellation rate was also a significant sequential improvement from 43% in the first quarter of this year.

The modest reduction in new home orders of 3% compared to the prior year was substantially achieved through integrated national marketing and promotion efforts across the country. This enabled us to decrease our number of unsold finished homes by 47% from the December quarter. The success of these marketing efforts speaks to our belief in the importance of a single national brand, and the opportunities to leverage it across our broad product diversity and geographic presence.

At March 31, our units in sales dollar backlog stood at 5,563 homes and $1.67 billion, respectively. Unit backlog is down 40% year-over-year. But with our strong sales in the March quarter, unit backlog increased 32% from the December quarter, and average sales price in backlog stands at approximately $300,000.

Revenues totaled $826 million in the second quarter on home closings of 2,743, down 35 and 36% respectively from the record second quarter a year ago, as most markets, with the exception of Northern California and Orlando, closed fewer homes than the year before. Our backlog conversion ratio was 65% during the quarter, as we continued to focus on getting homes in backlog closed as quickly as possible.

Before turning in over to Mike Rand to provide further details on our quarterly results, I would like to take a few moments to provide a summary of the facts to date as it relates to the U.S. Attorney's recent inquiry. As previously disclosed, the Company received a subpoena from the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Western District of North Carolina, seeking the production of documents focusing on the Company's mortgage origination services.

In addition, together with certain of its subsidiaries, and current and former officers, the Company has been named as a defendant in a securities class-action lawsuit and homeowner class-action lawsuits, and has also recently been named as a nominal defendant in a shareholder derivative complaint. We're fully cooperating with the U.S. Attorney in the document production request. And we intend to vigorously defend each of the lawsuits.

The Company's audit committee of the Board of Directors has initiated an independent internal review of the mortgage origination business and related matters, and has retained independent legal counsel and an independent financial consultant to assist with that review.

U.S. Attorney inquiry, the related internal review by the audit committee, and the outstanding lawsuits are all in their early stages. We cannot currently predict the outcome of these matters, or the length of time it will take to resolve them. And we're not able to provide further details at this time.

I would now like to turn it over to Mike Rand, our Chief Accounting Officer, to further discuss our financial results, cost-saving initiatives, and land and inventory positions.

 
Mike Rand - Beazer Homes USA Inc. - SVP, Chief Accounting Officer
 

Our margins for the quarter continue to be negatively impacted, both by higher discounting and reduced revenues, as compared to second quarter of last year. The current environment remains extremely challenging, but we remain focused on reducing cost and enhancing liquidity.

In addition to the 1,000 positions we eliminated in September and October of last year, we have since reduced our headcount by an additional 350 positions through both attrition and selective reductions.

We continue to seek opportunities to reduce costs over the next several quarters, including reductions in direct construction cost, achieved through value engineering, SKU rationalization, and reductions in plant specifications, as well as through ongoing contract review and renegotiations. To date we have achieved 5 to 10% direct cost reductions in our largest operating divisions, which we expect to realize over the coming quarters.

We continue to implement direct cost reductions in both construction and land development across the Company, and expect additional savings to be achieved through further initiatives currently underway.

The results for the quarter include a $6 million reduction of the warranty accrual for the remediation of homes in connection with the Trinity Homes settlement in 2004, based on a reduction in the estimated remaining remediation costs. The results also include pretax charges to abandon land option contracts, to recognize inventory impairments, and impairments in joint ventures of $19.1 million, $60.8 million, and $7.1 million, respectively. In taking these charges, we further align the cost basis of our assets with the realities of today's marketplace at the present time.

Again this quarter we undertook a comprehensive review of our asset values, based on a community by community review performed for each operating division. The majority of the charges were taken in the West, principally Southern California, and Mid-Atlantic segments, at 35% and 28%, respectively. However, the charges were dispersed broadly across 31 communities throughout our markets.

Our land position as of March 31 totaled 79,528 lots, 51% of which were owned and 49% which were controlled under option. During the quarter we reduced or lot count by over 24% compared to the prior year, and by 5% from the December quarter by eliminating non-strategic positions to align our land supply with our current expectations for home closings.

We continue to exercise caution and discipline with regard to land and land development spending, and have increased our internal return criteria as it relates to any new land acquisition request. These steps will help maintain our sound balance sheet and strong financial position so that we can capitalize on future opportunities that will generate meaningfully higher returns prospectively.

At March 31, total unsold homes were 2,478, compared to 3,101 at December 31, representing a 20% sequential decline driven by the 47% decline in unsold finished homes Ian discussed earlier.

We have also continued to significantly limit new home starts. And it is worth noting that the dollar value of homes under construction declined by $135 million from the December quarter.

At March 31 net debt to total capitalizations stood at 49.1%, down slightly from the December level, and within our target of 50% or lower, with no borrowings outstanding on our revolving credit facility, and approximately $225 million of cash on hand. I will now turn it back over to Ian.

Ian McCarthy - Beazer Homes USA Inc. - President, CEO
 
Recently the topic of subprime mortgages has received a lot of attention, so we would like to provide you with some select metrics for our Financial Services segment. For the first half of fiscal 2007 our capture rate, defined as the percentage of mortgages we originate as a percentage of homes closed, was 66%. For those loans we originated, our average FICO score was 714, with over 70% of borrowers having a FICO score of 680 or better. Average combined loan to value totaled 87%. Fixed-rate loans were 80% of the total. And the split between conventional and government loans was approximately 90% and 10%, respectively. Less than 4% of the loans were subprime, defined as loans to a borrower with a FICO score below 620.

We have certainly seen a tightening in mortgage lending criteria; however, it is too early to be able to meaningfully predict what the impact on overall demand may be. While it is possible the tightening credit standards will impact overall demand, we do not believe Beazer Homes is any more or less susceptible to such impact than other homebuilders, given our broad product and price point diversity that we've achieved over the past several years.

 
The current housing market continues to be characterized by lower demand and higher inventories, with heavy discounting needed to drive meaningful sales volume. Given current market conditions and the low visibility as to when conditions may improve, we're not comfortable at this time updating our outlook for fiscal 2007, and we're therefore withdrawing our previously issued outlook.

During this period the Company will focus on maintaining balance sheet strength, continue to reduce costs, and maximize its financial resources to better position the Company to take advantage of those opportunities that will arise when conditions stabilize.

Steps taken today to align the Company's cost structure with the current environment are consistent with the Company's goal to be in the top quartile of its peer group with respect to both margins and returns.

In conclusion, the financial results for our second fiscal quarter clearly reflects continuation of a more challenging business environment. At the same time, we believe that we have our priorities in the right order, and have focused on those financial and operational initiatives that best position us for whatever market scenario plays out over the next several quarters. We maintain both a strong financial position and a disciplined operating approach as we progress through fiscal 2007.

Finally, earlier this week we announced the appointment of Allan Merrill as our new Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. I'm very pleased to add someone of Allan's caliber to our executive management team. His extensive operational, strategic and financial experience within residential real estate and related industries will be extremely valuable, as we both manage through the current market conditions and execute on our long-term strategic initiatives.

Mike and I would now be glad to answer your questions. And I would ask the operator to give the instructions for registering your questions.


89154 12/15/2009 12/15/2009
Media Release
Credit Suisse confirms settlement discussions with US authorities related to US dollar payments involving parties subject to US sanctions
Zurich, December 15, 2009 Credit Suisse confirms that it is in advanced settlement discussions with the New York County District Attorney’s Office, the United States Department of Justice, the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and the Office of Foreign Assets Control (“OFAC”). The discussions relate to a previously disclosed investigation into US dollar payments during the period 2002 to April 2007 involving parties that are subject to US economic sanctions. As part of the settlement, Credit Suisse is likely to pay a total of USD 536 million combined.
 
Credit Suisse has previously disclosed the investigation by US authorities and that it was conducting an internal review into certain US dollar payments involving countries, persons or entities that may be subject to US economic sanctions. In December 2005, Credit Suisse decided to exit the business in question and subsequently proactively undertook an extensive independent investigation into the Zurich-based payment activity and other practices, working closely and constructively with regulators and US authorities. Credit Suisse’s internal review has now been concluded and discussed with these and other government authorities including Credit Suisse’s main regulator, the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority, FINMA.
 
Credit Suisse is committed to the highest standards of integrity and regulatory compliance in all its businesses, and takes this matter extremely seriously. Credit Suisse has enhanced its procedures to prevent practices of this type from occurring in the future. In particular, Credit Suisse:
 
Terminated its business with all OFAC-sanctioned parties in 2006, including closing its representative office in Tehran;
Enhanced its global compliance program by, among other things, appointing a global sanctions compliance officer, establishing competency centres and designating individuals responsible for coordinating and monitoring compliance with sanctions programs and enhancing its global policies, procedures and employee training programs, which will continue to be regularly reviewed for effectiveness; and Enhanced sanctions filters screening designed to cover incoming and outgoing transactions.
While Credit Suisse had recorded provisions for this matter through the end of the third quarter of 2009, it expects to record an additional pre-tax charge of CHF 445 million in the current quarter, which is estimated to be approximately CHF 360 million after tax.
Credit Suisse will promptly disclose additional information after having reached a final resolution of the matter with the US authorities.
92222 12/19/2012 12/20/2012
Neptune Comments on Filing of Lawsuit
LAVAL, Quebec, Dec. 20, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc. ("Neptune") (Nasdaq:NEPT) (TSX:NTB) learned today that it and certain of its officers have been named as defendants in a purported class action lawsuit filed by Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP on December 19, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint charges Neptune and certain of its officers with alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint has been filed on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased the common stock of Neptune during a specified period.
Neptune believes that the claim is completely without merit and that it has substantial and meritorious legal and factual defenses, which Neptune intends to pursue vigorously. Amongst those defenses, Neptune reiterates that it has duly demonstrated that acetone levels stored inside and/or outside its Sherbrooke plant or used in the production of its krill oil products did not at any time exceed the levels permitted by the Québec Ministry of Environment. Neptune had obtained the required construction permits for its plant expansion and was in the process of obtaining the required environmental permit for the expansion. As previously disclosed, the notice alleging environmental non-compliance received by Neptune from the Québec Ministry of Environment on November 16, 2012 related to specific equipment acquisitions by Neptune and its plant expansion, but had nothing to do with the level or the compliance of acetone levels.
Neptune continues to work on the implementation of its action plan to resume operations and supply customers announced on November 26, 2012.


92222 12/19/2012 1/14/2013
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
(d)  Class-action suit:
On December 20, 2012, the Corporation announced that it and certain of its officers have been named as defendants in a purported class action lawsuit filed by a US law firm on December 19, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint charges Neptune and certain of its officers with alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint has been filed on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased the common stock of Neptune during a specified period. Neptune believes that the claim is completely without merit and that it has substantial and meritorious legal and factual defenses, which Neptune intends to pursue vigorously.


12049 10/25/2012 11/14/2012
ITEM 1:  Legal Proceedings
On October 25, 2012, a putative securities class action lawsuit captioned Scott Cantor, on Behalf of Himself and All Others Similarly Situated v. Gold Resource Corporation et al., was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado.  This federal court action names the Company and certain of its executive officers individually as defendants and alleges, among other things, that we and those officers violated Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with statements relating to our annual production targets and mine operations. The plaintiffs seek damages, including interest, equitable relief and reimbursement of the costs and expenses they incur in the lawsuit.  We believe the allegations are without merit and that we have valid defenses to such allegations.  We intend to defend this action vigorously.  We are unable at this time to provide a meaningful quantification of how the final resolution of these claims may impact our future consolidated financial position or results of operations.


89269 6/29/2012 7/24/2012
ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings.
In June 2012, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.  The lawsuit alleges, on behalf of purchasers of the Company's securities from February 7, 2012 through June 8, 2012, that the Company and certain of its officers violated federal securities laws by making false or misleading statements principally concerning the Company's fiscal 2012 earnings guidance.  According to the complaint, these allegedly materially false statements had the effect of artificially inflating the price of the Company's securities, which subsequently dropped following the announcement of its revised fiscal 2012 earnings guidance on June 11, 2012.  The Company believes the case is without merit and plans to vigorously defend its position.


93007 5/25/2012 6/1/2012
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On May 25, 2012, a putative securities class action complaint was filed against the Company, Kaleil Isaza Tuzman, Robin Smyth and Gavin Campion for an alleged class period of November 8, 2011 through May 3, 2012 alleging violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and alleging that the individuals are also liable under Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for purported control person liability. The action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Company has not yet been served with any complaint and has not yet analyzed the allegations. The allegations appear to relate to disclosures made by the Company pertaining to integration of acquired businesses and other disclosures pertaining to the operations and financial condition of the Company. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims.


92919 5/25/2012 5/31/2012
Item 8.01       Other Events.
On May 30, 2012, a class action complaint (the “Complaint”) was received by Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. (the “Company”).  The Complaint was filed by Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (the “Plaintiff”) against the Company, Orrstown Bank (the “Bank”) and certain current and former directors and officers of the Company and the Bank (collectively, the “Defendants”) in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.  The Complaint alleges that the Defendants violated certain provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and seeks unspecified damages, including injunctive relief.  The Company believes that the allegations in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.


78045 5/4/2012 5/10/2012
Class action claim
We understand that a securities class action claim was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York on May 4, 2012 by the City of Taylor General Employees Retirement System, as lead plaintiff. We believe the claim to be without merit and intend to vigorously defend it. Given the early stage of the claim, it is not possible to predict the outcome.


78045 5/4/2012 5/15/2012
Class action claim
We understand that a securities class action claim was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York on May 4, 2012 by the City of Taylor General Employees Retirement System, as lead plaintiff. We believe the claim to be without merit and intend to vigorously defend it. Given the early stage of the claim, it is not possible to predict the outcome.


87078 5/2/2012 5/10/2012
9. Contingencies
On August 4, 2009, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against the Company, Glen Tullman and William Davis by the Plumbers and Pipefitters Local Union No. 630 Pension-Annuity Trust Fund on behalf of a purported class consisting of stockholders who purchased Allscripts common stock between May 8, 2007 and February 13, 2008. On October 13, 2009, David Robb was appointed lead plaintiff, and on November 25, 2009, an amended complaint was filed containing allegations that the Company, Tullman and Davis made materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions in connection with the release of TouchWorks EHR, Version 11. On January 11, 2010, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. On April 13, 2010, the court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss on the grounds that plaintiffs failed to sufficiently describe the confidential sources upon which the allegations in the amended complaint were based. On May 12, 2010, the court granted plaintiffs leave to replead. On May 14, 2010, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, which attributed certain allegations to four different confidential witnesses, but made no other substantive changes. On June 11, 2010, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On March 10, 2011, the motion was granted in substantial part. However, the Court denied the motion with respect to two alleged false statements. On September 19, 2011, the Court entered an order certifying a class. On February 7, 2012, the parties agreed, subject to execution of settlement documents and Court approval, to settle this matter on a class-wide basis. The settlement amount totaling approximately $10 million will be funded by the Company’s directors’ and officers’ liability insurance carrier and therefore have no material impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.
On September 14, 2010, Pegasus Imaging Corporation (“Pegasus”) filed a lawsuit against the Company and AllscriptsMisys, LLC in the Circuit Court of the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida in and for Hillsborough County, Florida. The lawsuit also named former officers Jeffrey Amrein and John Reinhart as defendants. Prior to serving the complaint, Pegasus filed an amended complaint dropping two of the claims that had been asserted and adding two additional defendants, which are two now-defunct Florida corporations that formerly did business with the Company. The amended complaint asserts causes of action against defendants for fraudulent misrepresentations, negligent misrepresentations, and deceptive and unfair trade practices under Florida law, arising from previous business dealings between Pegasus and Advanced Imaging Concepts, Inc., a software company based in Louisville, Kentucky that the Company purchased in August 2003. On or about November 1, 2010, Defendants moved to transfer the case to the special court for complex business litigation that resides in Hillsborough County, Florida. The Florida Business Court granted Defendants’ motion for transfer on January 13, 2011. The Defendants have answered the complaint and filed counterclaims against the Plaintiff alleging breach of license, breach of warranty, and breach of contract. On April 30, 2012, Plaintiff filed a motion seeking leave to amend its Complaint to add a claim alleging breach of a click-through license agreement and punitive damages. The Company has also recently moved for leave to amend its counterclaims to add a claim for negligent misrepresentations. Discovery in this matter is ongoing. The case is currently expected to be set for trial in April or May of 2013. The Company intends to continue to defend this matter vigorously. We believe that we have strong defensive positions in such matter, but the outcomes of intellectual property lawsuits are often uncertain.
On February 11, 2011, Medical Services Associates, Inc. (“MSA”) filed binding arbitration against the Company alleging that the Company negligently caused a loss of medical billing data, negligently or intentionally misrepresented certain facts regarding the computer system being sold to MSA, and/or breached certain aspects of a contract to provide certain software-related goods and services to MSA. The Company filed its counterclaim on March 11, 2011. The outcome of this matter depends upon questions of fact and law that are disputed or not clear, and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time and no reasonable estimate of potential damages is possible. The Company believes it has strong positions in this matter and intends to defend vigorously as to both liability and damages, but any unfavorable outcome may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.
In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to the above matters. However, the outcome of any of the foregoing litigation is inherently uncertain, and we may incur substantial defense costs and expenses. Therefore, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in the same reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected.
On December 22, 2011, in connection with a federal grand jury investigation of third parties, we received a subpoena requesting that we provide documents regarding Allscripts’ interactions with several healthcare and educational organizations. At this time, we are unable to determine the impact of the foregoing on Allscripts. We are cooperating with the United States Attorney’s Office in connection with such subpoena.
On May 1, 2012, Physicians Healthsource, Inc. (hereinafter “Plaintiff”) filed a class action Complaint in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions Inc., Allscripts, LLC and Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (“Allscripts”). The Complaint alleges that on multiple occasions between July 2008 and December 2011, Allscripts or its agent sent advertisements by fax to the Plaintiff and a class of similarly situated persons, without first receiving the recipients’ express permission or invitation in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C. § 227 (“TCPA”). The Complaint seeks $500 for each alleged violation of the TCPA, treble damages if the Court finds the violations to be willful, knowing or intentional, and injunctive and other relief. Allscripts was served with the Complaint and Plaintiff’s Motion for Class Certification on May 7, 2012 and a response is due May 28, 2012. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims.
On May 2, 2012, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against the Company, Glen Tullman and William Davis by the Bristol County Retirement System for itself and on behalf of a purported class consisting of stockholders who purchased Allscripts common stock between November 18, 2010 and April 26, 2012. The Complaint alleges that the Company, Mr. Tullman and Mr. Davis made materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions during the putative class period regarding the Company’s progress in integrating Allscripts’ and Eclipsys’ business following the August 24, 2010 merger and that the Company lacked a reasonable basis for certain statements regarding the Company’s post-merger integration efforts, operations, results and projections of future financial performance. The Company has not yet been served with the Complaint.
Considering the two class action suits discussed above were filed recently, it is not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of loss at this time. We will continue to evaluate the potential exposure related to these matters in future periods.
In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages and other matters arising in the normal conduct of our business, including intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other intellectual property violation claims.


12056 2/10/2012 3/6/2012
Item 8.01. Other Events
On February 28, 2012, a putative class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against New Energy Systems Group (“Company”) and Fushun Li, Nian Chen, Junfeng Chen, Weihe Yu, who served as officers and directors of the Company between April 15, 2010 and November 14, 2011. In the complaint, the plaintiff asserts claims for alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, in connection with purported misrepresentations contained in the Company’s public filings and press releases. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages. As of the time of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company’s time to answer or otherwise respond to the complaint has not yet expired. The Company believes the complaint has no merit and intends to vigorously oppose the lawsuit.
The information in this report, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and shall not be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.


11754 2/10/2012 2/29/2012
ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Subsequent to the Company’s chapter 11 filing, a number of suits were filed in federal court in the Western District of New York, as putative class action suits, against the current and certain former members of the Board of Directors, the Company’s Savings and Investment Plan (SIP) Committee and certain former and current executives of the Company.  None of these actions are reasonably possible to result in a material loss to the Company.  The suits are filed under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA).  The allegations concern the decline in the Company’s stock price and its alleged resulting impact on SIP and on the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan.  Also following the chapter 11 filing, a suit was filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York against the Chief Executive Officer, the President and Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as a putative class action suit under the federal securities laws, claiming that certain of the Company statements in early 2011 were too optimistic.  Suits of this nature are not uncommon for companies in chapter 11.  On behalf of all defendants in these cases, the Company believes that the suits are without merit and will vigorously defend them.  Although the nature of litigation is inherently unpredictable, the Company reasonably expects none of these cases, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material impact upon the Company.


83366 2/9/2012 2/29/2012
Item 3.	Legal Proceedings
On August 4, 2011, the Company was named as a defendant in a civil lawsuit filed by C-E Minerals, Inc. (“C-E”) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division (the “Court”). C-E has alleged that a mutual non-competition provision contained in a Raw Material Requirements Agreement between C-E and CARBO Ceramics Inc., dated June 1, 2003, is invalid under federal antitrust law and applicable state law. The covenant generally prohibits C-E from engaging in the manufacture or sale of ceramic proppant, and prohibits the Company from engaging in the business of selling calcined clay through the end of 2013 (three years after the termination date of the agreement). C-E is seeking a declaratory judgment that the covenant is invalid, along with a preliminary and permanent injunction that would prevent the enforcement of the covenant. C-E is also seeking to recover its attorney’s fees from the Company. C-E subsequently amended its complaint on September 15, 2011 to further allege that the Company has certain monopoly power and has asked for declaratory and injunctive relief that would prevent the Company from enforcing certain damages provisions in its sales contracts. The Company believes that C-E’s allegations are without merit and is vigorously defending the lawsuit. In addition, the Company has filed a counter-claim against C-E seeking injunctive relief and damages in connection with sales of ceramic proppant by C-E and its affiliates. C-E has filed a motion for a preliminary injunction that would prohibit the enforcement of the non-competition provision. The Court held a hearing on this motion on February 15, 2012 and a decision is pending.
On February 9, 2012, the Company and two of its officers, Gary A. Kolstad and Ernesto Bautista III, were named as defendants in a purported class-action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The suit alleged violations of the Federal securities laws arising from statements concerning the Company’s business operations and business prospects that were made between October 27, 2011 and January 26, 2012, and requests unspecified damages and costs. While the lawsuit is in its preliminary stages, the Company does not believe it has merit, and plans to vigorously contest and defend against it.
Additionally, from time to time, the Company is the subject of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company does not believe that any of these proceedings will have a material effect on its business or its results of operations.
The Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome or duration of any lawsuit described in this report.


89393 1/13/2012 2/10/2012
Litigation
On January 27, 2012, a purported shareholder class action suit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. The complaint alleges that the Company issued materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s business practices and its contracts with content providers, which lead to artificially inflated stock prices. The complaint alleges violation of the federal securities laws and seeks unspecified compensatory damages and other relief. A second suit was filed on January 27, 2012, alleging virtually identical claims. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable.


12051 12/5/2011 12/7/2011
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On December 5, 2011, IntraLinks Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) became aware of a purported class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and certain of its executive officers.  The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and misleading statements and/or omissions in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The plaintiff seeks unspecified compensatory damages for the purported class of purchasers of Company common stock during the period from February 17, 2011 through November 10, 2011.  The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to defend this lawsuit vigorously.


12051 12/5/2011 1/3/2012
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On December 27, 2011, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against IntraLinks Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) and certain of its executive officers.  The complaint, which alleges that the defendants made false and misleading statements during the period from February 17, 2011 through November 10, 2011 (the “Allegation Period”) in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, makes substantially the same claims as, and is related to, the purported class action lawsuit previously disclosed on the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2011, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Company expects that the court will consolidate or coordinate the two class actions, along with any other similar class actions filed, and will appoint a lead plaintiff and lead counsel pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.  The Company anticipates that the lead plaintiff will then file a consolidated and amended class action complaint.
Also, on December 28, 2011, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and certain of its current and former directors.  The complaint alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by causing the Company to issue materially false and misleading statements about the Company’s business prospects, financial condition and performance during the Allegation Period.
The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to defend these lawsuits vigorously.


86249 10/24/2011 11/9/2012
SUBSEQUENT EVENTS
On October 24, 2011, a class action complaint entitled Steamfitters Local 449 Pension Fund vs. Central European Distribution Corporation, et al. was filed on behalf of a putative class of all purchasers of our common stock from August 5, 2010 through February 28, 2011 against us and certain of our officers, alleging violations of federal securities law in connection with alleged materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions regarding our business, financial results and prospects in our public statements and public filings with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission for the second and third quarters of 2010, relating to declines in our vodka portfolio, our need to take an impairment charge relating to the deterioration in fair value of certain of our brands in Poland and negative financial results from the launch of ?ubrówka Bia?a, a new vodka product. The complaint seeks unspecified money damages. We believe the allegations are without merit and intend to vigorously defend ourselves, therefore no provision for any potential liability in this respect has been recorded as of September 30, 2011.


93433 8/12/2011 8/15/2011
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
On August 12, 2011, Joe Callan filed a putative securities class action complaint in the U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington at Seattle on behalf of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired common stock of Motricity between June 18, 2010 and August 9, 2011 or in our IPO. The defendants in the case are Motricity, certain of our current and former directors and officers, including Ryan K. Wuerch, James R. Smith, Jr., Allyn P. Hebner, James N. Ryan, Jeffrey A. Bowden, Hunter C. Gary, Brett Icahn, Lady Barbara Judge CBE, Suzanne H. King, Brian V. Turner; and the underwriters in our IPO, including J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., RBC Capital Markets Corporation, Robert W. Baird & Co Incorporated, Needham & Company, LLC and Pacific Crest Securities LLC. As of this date, we have not been served with the complaint. The complaint alleges violations under Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by all defendants and under Sections 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by Motricity and those of our former and current officers who are named as defendants. The complaint seeks, inter alia, damages, including interest and plaintiff’s costs and rescission. We intend to vigorously defend against these claims. As this matter is at a very early stage, at this time, we are not able to predict the probability of the outcome or estimate of loss, if any, related to this matter.
From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of the normal course of business, none of which are material to the Company’s financial results or condition.


89941 8/9/2011 8/12/2011
Travelzoo Considers Class Action Suit to be Without Merit
2011-08-12 21:10:35 UTC
NEW YORK, Aug. 12, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Travelzoo Inc. (Nasdaq: TZOO), a global Internet media company, today announced that a purported class action has been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the company and certain of its officers and directors. The complaint alleges violations of federal securities laws, and claims that the company has issued false and misleading information concerning the company's business and prospects. The action seeks unspecified damages on behalf of persons who purchased the company's shares during a recent period.
The company stated that it strongly believes the case is completely without merit. Chris Loughlin, Travelzoo's chief executive officer, commented: "We believe that our disclosures have been accurate and fully compliant with the company's obligations under securities laws and under the rules of NASDAQ. As is the case with many meritless securities class action claims, the filing of this action follows a decline in Travelzoo's share price, in a period of continued volatility in the share price. We intend to vigorously defend against these meritless claims."


90914 8/2/2011 8/9/2011
Legal Proceedings
Myron and Sandy Canson v. WebMD Health Corp., et al.
On August 2, 2011, a class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between February 23, 2011 and July 15, 2011. The complaint alleges that the Company and certain of its officers made false and misleading statements in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and attorneys’ fees. The Company believes the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend against it. The Company is unable to predict the outcome of this matter or to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, arising from the claim.


91455 7/21/2011 8/3/2011
Securities Class Action
On July 21, 2011, a proposed shareholder class action lawsuit was filed against Mindray Medical International Limited (the “Company”) and certain of its officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleges that between January 11, 2010, and August 9, 2010, the Company made a series of materially false and misleading statements or omissions about its business, operations, and prospects in violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The complaint seeks a declaration that the action is a proper class action; damages to class members with interest; and litigation costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and experts’ fees. The Company anticipates that similar proposed class action lawsuits may be filed and will be consolidated with this action. The Company and the named individuals intend to vigorously defend against the claims.


21178 7/20/2011 7/27/2011
Legal Proceedings
On July 20, 2011, the City of Pontiac General Employees Retirement System filed a class action lawsuit against us and two of our executive officers (Robert J. Stevens, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Bruce L. Tanner, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint, filed on behalf of purchasers of our common stock from April 21, 2009 through July 21, 2009, alleges that we violated certain sections of the federal securities laws (including Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) by allegedly making statements, primarily about the then-expected performance of our IS&GS business segment, that contained either false statements of material facts or omitted material facts necessary to make the statements made not misleading, or engaged in other acts that operated as an alleged fraud upon class members who purchased our common stock during that period. The complaint further alleges that the statutory safe harbor provided for forward-looking statements does not apply to any of the allegedly false statements. The complaint does not allege a specific amount of monetary damages. We believe that the allegations are without merit and intend to defend against the action and any related actions that may be filed.


78073 7/19/2011 8/9/2011
Note H. Legal Matters
Class Action Litigation.  In July 2011, two purported securities class action complaints were filed against us, our Chief Executive Officer and our former Chief Financial Officer by the following plaintiffs, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, in the U.S. District Court, District of Massachusetts: Allan Edwards (filed July 19, 2011) and Larry Ziegler (filed July 21, 2011).  The virtually identical complaints are purportedly brought on behalf of persons who acquired our common stock during the period of March 4, 2010, through July 5, 2011, and allege claims against all defendants for violations under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, as well as claims against the individual defendants for violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  Putative plaintiffs claim that the defendants caused our common stock to trade at artificially inflated prices through false and misleading statements and/or omissions related to our business.  The complaints seek compensatory damages for all damages sustained as a result of the defendants’ actions, including reasonable costs and expenses, and other relief as the court may deem just and proper.  The Company believe these allegations are baseless and the Company intends to defend against them vigorously.
 


86745 5/26/2011 5/27/2011
Research In Motion Says Purported Class Action Lawsuit is Without Merit
Waterloo, ON - Research In Motion Limited ("RIM") (Nasdaq: RIMM; TSX: RIM) today confirmed it intends to vigorously defend against a purported class action lawsuit filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The lawsuit alleges that during the period from December 16, 2010 through April 28, 2011, the Company and certain of its officers made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s financial condition and business prospects, and seeks unspecified damages on behalf of an alleged class of purchasers of the Company’s common shares during this period. RIM believes that the allegations are without merit.


86745 5/26/2011 6/20/2011
Legal Proceedings
In May 2011, a purported class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. In June 2011, the lawsuit was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiff and the same law firms named in the initial complaint subsequently filed two other lawsuits in the same court using the same form of complaint but naming different plaintiffs. The lawsuits allege that during the period from December 16, 2010 through April 28, 2011, the Company and certain of its officers made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s financial condition and business prospects, and seek unspecified damages on behalf of an alleged class of purchasers of the Company’s common shares during this period. RIM believes that the allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.


93048 5/26/2011 5/31/2011
Class Action Litigation
On May 27, 2011, the Company became aware that a class action lawsuit had been filed on behalf of all purchasers of the Company’s common stock between the dates of August 11, 2010 and May 11, 2011. The case is pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as case no. 11-CV-3616. The complaint alleges that the Company and certain of its present and former officers, directors, and control persons violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.
The Company has not yet filed any formal response to the claims. The Company believes the claims are without merit and plans to vigorously defend itself against the claims.


84621 5/23/2011 5/27/2011
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On May 23, 2011, a class action complaint was filed against Logitech and certain of its officers. This action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of individuals who purchased Logitech shares between October 28, 2010 and April 1, 2011. The complaint relates to Logitech’s disclosure on March 31, 2011 that its results for fiscal year 2011 would fall below expectations and seeks unspecified monetary damages and other relief against the defendants. We presently do not believe that the resolution of this legal proceeding will have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.
In addition, from time to time, we become involved in claims and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are currently subject to several such claims and a small number of legal proceedings. We presently do not believe that the resolution of these claims and legal proceedings will have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.


87134 11/10/2005 11/14/2005
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On November 10, 2005, a lawsuit named Congregation Ezra Sholom vs. Blockbuster Inc.; National Amusements, Inc.; Viacom, Inc.; John F. Antioco; Richard J. Bressler; Jackie M. Clegg; Philippe P. Dauman; Michael D. Fricklas; Linda Griego; Mel Karmazin; John L. Muething; Sumner M. Redstone; and Larry J. Zine was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas. The plaintiff purports to bring the suit as a securities fraud class action lawsuit on behalf of itself and all others who acquired Blockbuster shares pursuant to Viacom’s exchange offer that commenced on September 8, 2004, or on the open market between September 8, 2004, and August 9, 2005, inclusive. The defendants include some of Blockbuster’s current and former officers and directors, who may claim a right to indemnification or be granted indemnification from Blockbuster with respect to the lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges, among other things, that Blockbuster and Viacom knowingly or recklessly made materially false and misleading statements about Blockbuster’s business performance and prospects, including statements relating to Blockbuster’s business initiatives and cash flows, in various SEC filings, registration statements, press releases, and other public statements, thereby violating various provisions of the federal securities laws. The lawsuit seeks unspecified compensatory damages, reasonable costs and expenses, and such other relief as the court deems proper. Blockbuster intends to defend itself vigorously.


82606 10/21/2005 11/10/2005
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
Shareholder Litigation. On October 21, 2005, a putative shareholder class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging claims under Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The case is entitled Mataraza v. Pixar, et al., Case No. C-05-4290 JSW. The complaint asserts a class period from January 18, 2005 to June 30, 2005. A similar complaint entitled Grabell v. Pixar, et al., Case No. C-05-4431-MJJ, was filed on November 1, 2005. Consistent with the usual procedures for cases of this kind, it is anticipated that these cases (and any other similar putative shareholder class action suits which might be filed against Pixar) may be consolidated into a single consolidated action. Management believes the lawsuits to be without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the lawsuits.

Informal Inquiry by the SEC. The Company has received an informal inquiry from the SEC requesting information regarding the disclosure of our second quarter financial results. We are cooperating fully with the inquiry.
 
Other Matters. Pixar is regularly subject to certain legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Many of these have not yet been fully adjudicated. In the opinion of management, Pixar does not have a potential liability related to any such current legal proceedings and claims that would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should Pixar fail to prevail in any of these legal matters or should several of these legal matters be resolved against Pixar in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected.


90010 10/11/2005 10/11/2005
LIPMAN COMMENTS ON FILING OF MOTION FOR CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT IN ISRAEL

Rosh Haayin, Israel, October 11, 2005 - Lipman Electronic Engineering Ltd. (Nasdaq, TASE: LPMA) today announced that it has been named as a defendant in a purported securities lawsuit filed in the Tel Aviv district court. A motion has been filed by the plaintiff in this action seeking the approval of a securities class action lawsuit against the Company and Isaac Angel, the Company's President and CEO. The lawsuit alleges violations of Israeli securities laws due to the Company allegedly withholding material information.
The Company believes that the allegations in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against them.


90010 10/11/2005 10/27/2005
LIPMAN RECEIVES NOTIFICATION OF MOTION TO WITHDRAW CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT IN ISRAEL

Rosh Haayin, Israel, October 27, 2005 - Lipman Electronic Engineering Ltd. (Nasdaq, TASE: LPMA) today announced that the plaintiff in the purported securities class action in Israel has filed a motion in the Tel Aviv district court to withdraw the claim without prejudice. The motion to withdraw this lawsuit is subject to court approval. The Company believes that such approval will be granted.


87484 8/10/2005 8/15/2005
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS

On or about August 10, 2005, a class action lawsuit was filed against us, our Chief Executive Officer and our former Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The action, brought on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our common shares during the period from January 14, 2005 to and including April 14, 2005, alleges, among other things that we provided the market misleading guidance as to our anticipated revenues for the quarter ended February 28, 2005, and failed to correct this guidance on a timely basis. The action claims violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, as well as Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and seeks compensatory damages in an unspecified amount as well as the award of reasonable costs and expenses, including counsel and expert fees and costs. We are in the process of reviewing the complaint and, following consultation with our legal counsel, we will respond accordingly.
We are subject to other legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe that the resolution of such actions will materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.


40416 7/29/2005 8/2/2005
Item 8.01 Other Events
On July 29, 2005 a class action complaint for alleged violations of the federal securities laws was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Docket Number 05 cv 6803), naming the Company, an officer and an officer/director. The action, entitled Nilesh Patel v. Avon Products, Inc. et al., was brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between April 8, 2005 and July 18, 2005 and seeks damages for alleged false and misleading statements based on the failure to disclose (i) “that the Company was experiencing increasing resistance to its expansion efforts in China because local businesses were dissatisfied with the Company’s plans to direct sell in that market”; (ii) “that the Company’s revenue growth in its Central and Eastern Europe markets was dramatically slowing from internally forecasted levels such that the Company would be unable to reach its stated earnings projections”; (iii) “that the Company’s expansion efforts in Russia were being delayed due to a variety of factors”; and (iv) “as a result of the forgoing, Defendants lacked a reasonable basis for their earnings projections and positive statements about the Company.” Additional similar complaints may be filed in the future. The Company does not intend to announce the filing of any similar complaints.


40416 7/29/2005 8/19/2005
Item 8.01 Other Events
On August 2, 2005 the Company reported the filing of a class action complaint for alleged violations of the federal securities laws, brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between April 8, 2005 and July 18, 2005. In that report the Company indicated that additional similar complaints may be filed in the future and that the Company did not intend to announce the filing of any similar complaints. One such complaint was filed on August 5, 2005 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Docket Number 05 cv 7015). That action, entitled Michael Cascio v. Avon Products, Inc. et al., was brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s securities between February 1, 2005 and July 18, 2005. The complaint also asserts that during the class period insiders sold shares of the Company’s common stock.

The Company is not undertaking to announce the filing of any similar complaints in the future.


12490 7/8/2005 7/26/2005
The company is involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, including actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property (IP), product liability, employment, benefits, securities, and environmental matters. The following is a discussion of some of the more significant legal matters involving the company.
 
On July 31, 2003, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, in Cooper et al. vs. The IBM Personal Pension Plan and IBM Corporation, held that the company ‘s pension plan violated the age discrimination provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). On September 29, 2004, the company announced that IBM and plaintiffs agreed in principle to resolve certain claims in the litigation. Under the terms of the agreement, plaintiffs will receive an incremental pension benefit in exchange for the settlement of some claims, and a stipulated remedy on remaining claims if plaintiffs prevail on appeal. Under the terms of the settlement, the judge will issue no further rulings on remedies. This settlement, together with a previous settlement of a claim referred to as the partial plan termination claim resulted in the company taking a one-time charge of $320 million in the third quarter of 2004.
This agreement ends the litigation on all claims except the two claims associated with IBM’s cash balance formula. The company will appeal the rulings on these claims. The company continues to believe that its pension plan formulas are fair and legal. The company has reached this agreement in the interest of the business and the company shareholders, and to allow for a review of its cash balance formula by the Court of Appeals. The company continues to believe it is likely to be successful on appeal.
The agreement stipulates that if the company is not successful on appeal of the two remaining claims, the agreed remedy will be increased by up to $1.4 billion — $780 million for the claim that the company’s cash balance formula is age discriminatory, and $620 million for the claim that the method used to establish opening account balances during the 1999 conversion discriminated on the basis of age (referred to as the “always cash balance” claim). The maximum additional liability the company could face in this case if it is not successful on appeal is therefore capped at $1.4 billion.
On May 19, 2005, the District Court gave its preliminary approval of the settlement, and formal notices were sent to class members.  A fairness hearing is currently scheduled for August 2005, at which time the court will entertain any objections to the settlement from class members.  Upon approval of the settlement, IBM will appeal the liability rulings for the cash balance claims.  As a result, the company estimates that the entire process could take up to another 12-18 months from the date of this report before reaching final conclusion.
The company is a defendant in an action filed on March 6, 2003 in state court in Salt Lake City, Utah by The SCO Group. The company removed the case to Federal Court in Utah. Plaintiff is successor in interest to some of AT&T’s Unix IP rights, and alleges copyright infringement, unfair competition, interference with contract and breach of contract with regard to the company’s distribution of AIX and contribution of unspecified code to Linux. The company has asserted counterclaims, including breach of contract, violation of the Lanham Act, unfair competition, intentional torts, unfair and deceptive trade practices, breach of the General Public License that governs open source distributions, patent infringement, promissory estoppel and copyright infringement. Trial is now scheduled for February 2007.
In May 2005, the Louisiana Supreme Court denied the company’s motion to review and reverse a Louisiana state court’s certification of a nationwide class in a case filed against the company in 1995.  The class consists of certain former employees who left the company in 1992, and their spouses.  They claim damages based on the company’s termination of an education assistance program.  The company has a pending summary judgment motion in the trial court.  No date has been set for trial.
On June 30, 2005, the company and Microsoft Corp. reached an agreement to resolve certain antitrust claims.  The company also agreed, subject to certain limitations, that it will not assert antitrust claims for damages related to its server hardware and server software businesses for two years and, in any case, will not seek to recover damages on such claims incurred prior to June 30, 2002.  Microsoft also released antitrust claims.  Under the agreement, Microsoft will pay the company $775 million and extend $75 million in credit towards future purchases for internal deployment of Microsoft software at the company.  The $775 million is reflected in the company’s results for the second quarter.
On June 2, 2003 the company announced that it received notice of a formal, nonpublic investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC is seeking information relating to revenue recognition in 2000 and 2001 primarily concerning certain types of client transactions. The company believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of Dollar General Corporation, a client of the company’s Retail Stores Solutions unit, which markets and sells point of sale products.
On January 8, 2004, the company announced that it received a “Wells Notice” from the staff of the SEC in connection with the staff’s investigation of Dollar General Corporation, which as noted above, is a client of the company’s Retail Stores Solutions unit. It is the company’s understanding that an employee in the company’s Sales & Distribution unit also received a Wells Notice from the SEC in connection with this matter. The Wells Notice notifies the company that the SEC staff is considering recommending that the SEC bring a civil action against the company for possible violations of the U.S. securities laws relating to Dollar General’s accounting for a specific transaction, by participating in and aiding and abetting Dollar General’s misstatement of its 2000 results. In that transaction, the company paid Dollar General $11 million for certain used equipment as part of a sale of IBM replacement equipment in Dollar General’s 2000 fourth fiscal quarter. Under the SEC’s procedures, the company responded to the SEC staff regarding whether any action should be brought against the company by the SEC. The separate SEC investigation noted above, relating to the recognition of revenue by the company in 2000 and 2001 primarily concerning certain types of client transactions, is not the subject of this Wells Notice.
 
On June 27, 2005, the company announced that it had received a request to voluntarily comply with an informal investigation by the staff of the SEC concerning the company’s disclosures relating to the company’s first quarter 2005 earnings and expensing of equity compensation.  The SEC has informed the company that the informal investigation is not an indication that any violations of law have occurred.
 
On July 8, 2005, a lawsuit was filed against the company and its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, purportedly on behalf of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities of the company between April 5, 2005 and April 15, 2005.  The complaint alleges that defendants made certain misrepresentations during this period, violating Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  Neither the company nor the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer has been served with a copy of the complaint at this time.
In January 2004, the Seoul District Prosecutors Office in South Korea announced it had brought criminal bid rigging charges against several companies, including IBM Korea and LG IBM (a joint venture between IBM Korea and LG Electronics) and had also charged employees of some of those entities with, among other things, bribery of certain officials of government-controlled entities in Korea, and bid rigging. IBM Korea and LG IBM cooperated fully with authorities in these matters. A number of individuals, including former IBM Korea and LG IBM employees, were subsequently found guilty and sentenced. IBM Korea and LG IBM were also required to pay fines. IBM Korea has been debarred from doing business directly with certain government controlled entities in Korea. The orders, imposed at different times, cover a period of no more than a year from the date of issuance. The orders do not prohibit IBM Korea from selling products and services to business partners who sell to government controlled entities in Korea. In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC have both contacted the company in connection with this matter.
The company is party to, or otherwise involved in, proceedings brought by U.S. federal or state environmental agencies under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), known as “Superfund,” or laws similar to CERCLA. Such statutes require potentially responsible parties to participate in remediation activities regardless of fault or ownership of sites. The company is also conducting environmental investigations or remediations at or in the vicinity of several current or former operating sites pursuant to permits, administrative orders or agreements with state environmental agencies, and is involved in lawsuits and claims concerning certain current or former operating sites.
In accordance with SFAS No. 5, “Accounting for Contingencies,” the company records a provision with respect to a claim, suit, investigation or proceeding when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Any provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and are adjusted to reflect the impact and status of settlements, rulings, advice of counsel and other information pertinent to a particular matter. Any recorded liabilities for the above items, including any changes to such liabilities for the three months ended June 30, 2005, were not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Based on its experience, the company believes that the damage amounts claimed in the matters referred to above are not a meaningful indicator of the potential liability. Litigation is inherently uncertain and it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of the matters previously discussed. While the company will continue to defend itself vigorously in all such matters, it is possible that the company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these matters.
 
Whether any losses, damages or remedies finally determined in any such claim, suit, investigation or proceeding could reasonably have a material effect on the company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow will depend on a number of variables, including the timing and amount of such losses or damages, the structure and type of any such remedies, the significance of the impact any such losses, damages or remedies may have on the company’s Consolidated Financial Statements, and the unique facts and circumstances of the particular matter which may give rise to additional factors.


86959 6/14/2005 6/15/2005
Item 7.01 Regulation FD Disclosure

On June 14, 2005, the law firm of Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman LLP announced by press release  hat it had filed a class action lawsuit on June 14, 2005, on behalf of purchasers of the securities of Ditech Communications Corporation between August 25, 2004 and May 26, 2005, inclusive, alleging that Ditech Communications and its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer engaged in violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and seeking to pursue remedies under the Exchange Act.  According to the press release, the action, case number C05-02406-JSW, is pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against defendants Ditech Communications, Timothy K. Montgomery, Ditech Communications’ Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman, and William J. Tamblyn, Ditech Communications’ Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer.
 
Ditech Communications, Mr. Montgomery and Mr. Tamblyn intend to take all appropriate actions to defend the suit.
 
It is possible that additional similar complaints may be filed in the future.  If this does occur, Ditech Communications expects that all similar complaints will eventually be consolidated into a single action.  Ditech Communications does not intend to announce the filing of any similar complaints unless they contain allegations that are substantially distinct from those made in the pending action.


86959 6/14/2005 7/14/2005
Item 3—Legal Proceedings
On June 14, 2005, a lawsuit entitled Richard E. Jaffe v. Ditech Communications Corp., Timothy K. Montgomery and William J. Tamblyn, Case No. C 05 02406 was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who purchased Ditech’s stock between August 25, 2004 and May 26, 2005. The complaint alleges claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against Ditech and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. We expect that several similar lawsuits will subsequently be filed in the same court, and that all of the cases will be consolidated into a single action. This matter is at an early stage; no lead plaintiff has been selected, no response to the complaint has been filed, no discovery has taken place and no trial date has been set. Ditech and the individual defendants intend to take all appropriate actions to defend the suit.
WE CURRENTLY ARE, AND IN THE FUTURE MAY BE, SUBJECT TO SECURITIES CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS DUE TO DECREASES IN OUR STOCK PRICE.
We are at risk of being subject to securities class action lawsuits if our stock price declines substantially. Securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. For example, in May 2005, we announced that we expected our first quarter fiscal 2006 revenue to be approximately one half of our last quarter fiscal 2005 revenue, and our stock price declined dramatically. On June 14, 2005, a lawsuit entitled Richard E. Jaffe v. Ditech Communications Corp., Timothy K. Montgomery and William J. Tamblyn, Case No. C 05 02406 was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who purchased Ditech’s stock between August 25, 2004 and May 26, 2005. The complaint alleges claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against the Ditech and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. We expect that several similar lawsuits will subsequently be filed in the same court, and that all of the cases will be consolidated into a single action. In addition, a shareholder’s derivative suit has been filed against our directors and the same two executive officers, and has named Ditech nominally as a defendant, making similar allegations. We cannot predict the outcome of the lawsuits. If our stock price declines substantially in the future, we may be the target of similar litigation. The current, and any future, securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources, and could seriously harm our business.







84072 6/13/2005 6/24/2005
CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT 
DRDGOLD today announced that a class action lawsuit was commenced against the company, its Chief Executive Officer, Mark Wellesley-Wood, and Chief Financial Officer, Ian Louis Murray. The lawsuit was filed on 13 June 2005 and is pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of DRDGOLD Limited securities. The lawsuit alleges that the company made certain false and misleading statements between 23 October 2003 and 24 February 2005 in violation of provisions of the United States securities laws. Two similar suits have also reportedly been filed. DRDGOLD and its officers have not been served with legal process for the lawsuits but expect to be served in the future. The company is in the process of selecting and engaging legal counsel to defend against the suits. DRDGOLD, Mr. Wellesley-Wood and Mr. Murray deny the claims that have reportedly been made in the lawsuits, believe the suits to be entirely without merit and intend vigorously to defend against the allegations of the lawsuits. DRDGOLD anticipates that the three class action lawsuits, and any other similar lawsuits, will be consolidated and proceed as a single litigation. Accordingly, DRDGOLD does not intend separately to announce the filing of any other such lawsuits.


63686 6/2/2005 6/9/2005
ITEM. 1    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Company is aware of a shareholder  lawsuit filed June 3, 2005 in the federal courts of the State of Minnesota  alleging that Possis  Medical,  Inc. and named individual  officers violated federal  securities laws during a period beginning in 2002. The Complaint  seeks class action status and  unspecified  damages.  At this time the Company has not been served with a copy of the complaint.  Possis Medical  believes  that the  allegations  of the lawsuit  are without  merit and intends to contest the lawsuit vigorously.
We do not believe that the amount of any  potential  liability  associated  with these matters can be estimated at this time,  but an  unfavorable  resolution of these  matters  is  possible  and could have a  material  adverse  effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.


70033 5/18/2005 5/20/2005
Harley-Davidson Reports Lawsuit Filings
2005-05-20 22:32:00 UTC
MILWAUKEE, May 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Harley-Davidson, Inc. (NYSE: HDI) today reported that it is aware that lawsuits that purport to be class actions have been filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin against the Company and certain of its officers. The Company became aware of these actions through law firm web postings. The complaints allege securities law violations on the part of the defendants. The Company believes the allegations in the lawsuits are without merit and it intends to vigorously defend against these actions.


88587 4/29/2005 5/10/2005
Securities Litigation
In April and May of 2005, purported class action lawsuits were filed in the Federal District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our officers, alleging violations of the federal securities laws. The actions purport to be filed on behalf of purchasers of our common stock during the period from October 5, 2004 (the date of our signing of the agreement to acquire Tenovis) through April 19, 2005.
The complaints, which are substantially similar to one another, allege, among other things, that the plaintiffs were injured by reason of certain allegedly false and misleading statements made by us relating to the cost of the Tenovis integration, the disruption caused by changes in the delivery of our products to the market and reductions in the demand for our products in the U.S., and that based on the foregoing we had no basis to project our stated revenue goals for fiscal 2005. The Company has been served with one of these complaints. Noclass has been certified in the actions. The complaints seek compensatory damages plus interest and attorneys’ fees.
These matters are still in the early stages of litigation and an outcome cannot be predicted and, as a result, we cannot be assured that these cases will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.


86135 4/7/2005 5/5/2005
Shareholders’ litigation
We are directly or indirectly involved in the following proceedings initiated by shareholders:
In April 2005 we became aware through media reports that several law firms were taking steps to have a class action filed and certified against us and certain of our current and former officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey on behalf of purchasers of our securities between April 26, 2001 and March 23, 2004, inclusive. Neither Rhodia nor any of its current officers has been served with any complaint at this point. As it can be expected under U.S. procedural rules, these different putative class action suits should, if filed and certified against us, be consolidated and result into one complaint.



87051 2/22/2005 2/24/2005
Item 8.01 Other Events.
Litigation
On February 22, 2005, a purported class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey by Dennis Carter on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated investors against Audible, Inc., its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The complaint alleges violations of sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-5, and alleges that the defendants did not make complete and accurate disclosures concerning the Company's future plans and prospects. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of Audible's securities during the period from November 2, 2004 through February 15, 2005. It is possible that additional complaints may be filed in the future. Audible expects that all individual lawsuits will be consolidated into a single civil action. Audible believes that the complaint is without merit and intends to defend the litigation vigorously.


87487 2/15/2005 2/17/2005
Class Action Complaint Filed Against eSpeed
New York, NY - February 17, 2005 - eSpeed, Inc. (Nasdaq: ESPD), a leading developer of electronic marketplaces and trading technology for the global capital markets, today announced the filing of a class action complaint against the Company.
On February 15, 2005, Mircuz Partners, LLC filed a purported class action complaint against eSpeed, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and certain affiliated entities, as well as Howard Lutnick and Lee Amaitis, on behalf of all persons who purchased the securities of eSpeed from August 12, 2003, to July 1, 2004, alleging that eSpeed made "material false positive statements during the class period" and violated certain provisions of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and certain rules and regulations thereunder. The Company believes the lawsuit is without merit.


87487 2/15/2005 3/16/2005
ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
In the first quarter of 2005, we were named as a defendant in a number of purported class action complaints against eSpeed, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and certain affiliated entities, as well as two of our executive officers, Howard Lutnick and Lee Amaitis, on behalf of all persons who purchased the securities of eSpeed from August 12, 2003, to July 1, 2004, alleging that we made "material false positive statements during the class period" and violated certain provisions of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and certain rules and regulations thereunder. We believe the lawsuit is without merit.


88266 2/2/2005 2/3/2005
Sierra Wireless Updates Legal Matters
2005-02-03 13:32:00 UTC
VANCOUVER, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 3, 2005--Sierra Wireless, Inc. (TSX:SW)(NASDAQ:SWIR) has become aware of certain alleged securities class action lawsuits filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Sierra Wireless has not yet been served with a copy of the Complaints but based on available information does not believe there is any merit in the allegations and will vigorously defend the lawsuits.


90361 1/21/2005 1/24/2005
A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT HAS BEEN FILED AGAINST 51JOB, INC.

SHANGHAI, JANUARY 24, 2005 - 51JOB, INC. (NASDAQ: JOBS), a leading provider of integrated human resource services in China, wishes to advise investors that it is aware that a class action lawsuit brought on behalf of a putative class of shareholders of 51job, Inc. (the "Company") under U.S. securities laws
apparently has been filed against the Company and the chairman of its board of directors and certain of its officers recently in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Company has not yet been served with the complaints in the action and therefore is unable to comment on the lawsuit at this time.


76613 1/12/2005 1/13/2005
I/O COMMENTS ON REPORTED CLASS ACTION

HOUSTON, TEXAS – JANUARY 13, 2005 – Input/Output, Inc. (NYSE: IO) today announced that it has learned that a putative class action lawsuit styled Harold Read vs. Input/Output, Inc., et al, was filed against it and three of its senior executives on January 12, 2005, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, related to securities law disclosures. Based on its initial review of the complaint, I/O believes the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend itself and its officers vigorously.
 
I/O is the world’s leading, technology-only seismic services provider. The company provides cutting-edge seismic acquisition equipment, software, and planning and seismic processing services to the global oil and gas industry.  The company’s technologies are applied in both land and marine environments, in traditional 2D and 3D surveys, and in rapidly growing areas like time-lapse (4D) reservoir monitoring and full-wave imaging.  I/O has offices in the United States, Canada, Europe, China, Russia and the Middle East.  Additional information is available at http://www.i-o.com.
 
The information included herein contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the company’s beliefs and intentions regarding the reported class action lawsuit or any other lawsuit filed against it.  All forward-looking statements reflect numerous assumptions and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include a ruling by a court that is adverse to the company’s position and other uncertainties and matters beyond management’s control inherent in legal proceedings.  Additional risk factors, which could affect actual results, are disclosed by the company from time to time in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recently filed Form 10K and Form 10Q.



90955 11/19/2010 11/24/2010
Item 8.01 — Other Events
On November 19, 2010, a complaint was filed for a purported securities class action lawsuit naming as defendants MELA Sciences, Inc. (the “Company”) and certain of its officers and directors. The lawsuit asserts violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and alleges among other things that misstatements were made by the Company about its product, MelaFind. The complaint is allegedly filed on behalf of stockholders who purchased the Company’s common stock during the period from February 13, 2009 through November 16, 2010.
The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses and intends to vigorously defend against the lawsuit.
It is possible that additional lawsuits may be filed in the same or other courts making similar allegations as to the same and/or additional defendants. To the extent such similar actions are filed, the Company does not intend to file further Current Reports on Form 8-K describing the additional lawsuits.


91605 11/5/2010 11/8/2010
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On November 5, 2010, a purported securities class action lawsuit, captioned Police Pension Fund of Peoria, Individually, and on Behalf of All Others Similarly Situated v. Capella Education Company, J. Kevin Gilligan and Lois M. Martin, was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota. The complaint names Capella Education Company (the “Company”) and certain senior executives as defendants, and alleges the Company and the named defendants made false or misleading public statements about the Company’s business and prospects during the time period from February 16, 2010 through August 13, 2010 in violation of federal securities laws, and that these statements artificially inflated the trading price of the Company’s common stock to the detriment of shareholders who purchased shares during that time. Plaintiff seeks compensatory damages for the purported class. The Company believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.


87771 11/2/2010 11/12/2010
18.	Subsequent Events
Shareholder Class Action Lawsuit
On November 2, 2010, a putative shareholder class action complaint, captioned Steve Endress v. Gentiva Health Services, Inc. et al., Civil Action 10-CV-5064, was filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York. The action, which names Gentiva and certain current and former officers as defendants, asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with the Company’s participation in the Medicare Home Health Prospective Payment System (“HH PPS”). The complaint alleges that the Company’s public disclosures misrepresented and failed to disclose that the Company improperly increased the number of in-home therapy visits to patients for the purposes of triggering higher reimbursement rates under the HH PPS, which caused an artificial inflation in the price of Gentiva’s common stock during the period between July 31, 2008 and July 20, 2010. The defendants have not yet responded to the complaint, and, given the preliminary stage of this action, the Company is unable to assess the probable outcome or potential liability, if any, arising from this action.


76708 11/1/2010 11/4/2010
ITEM 1 — LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
     DeVry is subject to occasional lawsuits, administrative proceedings, regulatory reviews and investigations associated with financial assistance programs and other claims arising in the normal conduct of its business. The following is a description of pending litigation that may be considered other than ordinary and routine litigation that is incidental to the business.
     The Boca Raton Firefighters’ and Police Pension Fund filed a complaint in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois on November 1, 2010. The complaint was filed on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased DeVry common stock between October 25, 2007, and August 13, 2010. The plaintiffs claim DeVry, Daniel Hamburger, Richard M. Gunst and David J. Pauldine violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated there under by failing to disclose abusive and fraudulent recruiting and financial aid lending practices, thereby increasing DeVry’s student enrollment and revenues and artificially inflating DeVry’s stock price during the class period. The lawsuit has not been served. DeVry and its executives believe the allegations contained in the complaint are without merit and intends to defend them vigorously.
     The ultimate outcome of pending litigation and other proceedings, reviews, investigations and contingencies is difficult to estimate. At this time, DeVry does not expect that the outcome of any such matter will have a material effect on its cash flows, results of operations or financial position.



53225 10/28/2010 11/10/2010
Item 1.	Legal Proceedings
A purported class action complaint was filed against the Company, Donald E. Graham and Hal S. Jones on October 28, 2010, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, by the Plumbers Local #200 Pension Fund. The complaint alleges that the Company and certain of its officers made materially false and misleading statements, or failed to disclose material facts relating to Kaplan Higher Education, in violation of the federal securities laws. The complaint seeks damages, attorneys’ fees, costs and equitable/injunctive relief. Based on an initial review of this complaint, the Company believes the complaint is without merit and intends to vigorously defend against it.


87020 10/22/2010 11/9/2010
ITEM 1.	LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On October 22, 2010, a lawsuit was filed in federal court in the Northern District of Illinois against the Company on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our common stock between November 2, 2007 and October 23, 2009. Also named in the lawsuit were certain of our current and former executive officers and directors, our independent auditors and the underwriters of our June 2008 and May 2009 public offerings of common stock. The complaint alleges that we made materially false and misleading statements regarding our business and financial results during the purported class period and asserts various claims against certain of the named defendants under the Securities Act of 1933 and under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The plaintiff seeks class certification, compensatory damages in an unspecified amount, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, and rescission. At this early stage of the litigation, it is not possible to assess the probability of a material adverse outcome or reasonably estimate the amount of potential loss, if any.


35044 10/20/2010 11/3/2010
LEGAL
In April 2009, Regions, Regions Financing Trust III (the “Trust”) and certain of Regions’ current and former directors, were named in a purported class-action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of the purchasers of trust preferred securities offered by the Trust. The complaint alleges that defendants made statements in Regions’ registration statement, prospectus and year-end filings which were materially false and misleading. On May 10, 2010, the trial court dismissed all claims against all defendants in this case. However, the plaintiffs have appealed the decision. In October 2010, a separate purported class-action lawsuit was filed by Regions’ stockholders in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Alabama against Regions and certain former officers of Regions. The lawsuit alleges violations of the federal securities laws based on alleged actions similar to those that were the basis for the suit filed by purchasers of the trust preferred securities, including allegations that statements that were materially false and misleading were included in filings made with the SEC. Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate resolution or financial liability with respect to these matters, management is currently of the opinion that the outcome of these matters will not have a material effect on Regions’ business, consolidated financial position or results of operations.


92897 10/15/2010 11/12/2010
Item 1. Legal Proceedings

On October 15, 2010, a class action lawsuit was filed against us and certain of our current and former officers in the United States District Court for the District of Nevada on behalf of purchasers of our common stock between November 12, 2009 and September 1, 2010.  The complaint alleges that we and certain of our current and former officers violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by making material misstatements and omissions about our true financial condition. The complaint alleges, among other things, that the financial statements for the fiscal year ended June 30, 2010 included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission are materially false and misleading on the basis that such financial statements materially differ from certain financial information we reported to certain governmental agencies in the People’s Republic of China.  The plaintiffs claim that such allegedly misleading financial statements inflated the price of our common stock and seek monetary damages in an amount to be determined at trial.
 
We believe the allegations are without merit and we intend to vigorously defend this lawsuit. However, it is possible that additional similar complaints and related derivative actions may be filed in the future. If this does occur, we expect that all similar class action complaints will eventually be consolidated into a single action.


92931 10/15/2010 10/29/2010
Item 1.	Legal Proceedings
From time to time, we have been and may be involved in various legal proceedings arising from our ordinary course of business.
On October 15, 2010, a lawsuit was filed on behalf of Daniel Richardson against SolarWinds, Inc. and certain of its current and former officers in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of Richardson and a purported class of all persons who purchased or acquired shares of common stock of SolarWinds, Inc. between February 8, 2010 and July 21, 2010 and alleges that SolarWinds, Inc. and certain of its officers and/or directors violated the securities laws by “issu[ing] materially false and misleading statements regarding [SolarWinds, Inc.’s] operations and its business and financial results and outlook” and therefore “misled investors by misrepresenting and failing to disclose material problems with … sales to the United States federal government . . .[and] problems with [its] sales management team.” Because this lawsuit is in its initial stage, it is not possible to reliably predict the outcome of the litigation. Therefore, we cannot estimate the loss, if any, associated with the litigation. We intend to contest the claims associated with this lawsuit vigorously. We believe that the claims asserted have no merit.
As each of these matters is in an early stage, we are currently unable to determine if the resolution of these matters will have an adverse effect on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. We currently have no other material legal proceedings pending other than the matters described above.


83799 10/15/2010 10/29/2010
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
     From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation and other legal proceedings arising out of the ordinary course of its business. On October 15, 2010, a putative securities class action styled Kinnett v. Strayer Education, Inc., et al., was filed in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida. The Company believes the lawsuit is without merit and will contest the lawsuit vigorously.


93351 10/14/2010 11/12/2010
Purported Shareholder Class Action Lawsuit filed October 14, 2010
On October 14, 2010, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania against us, two of our officers, Edward L. Donnelly, Jr. and Kenneth D. Misch, and two of the underwriters in our IPO. The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a putative class of persons who purchased our Class A common stock pursuant to our prospectus dated April 21, 2010, filed with the SEC in accordance with Rule 424(b) of the Securities Act on April 23, 2010. The complaint alleges that the defendants issued materially false and misleading statements in our prospectus in light of the Company’s September 30, 2010 press release announcing it had experienced a softening of demand for both its speech generating devices and software products during the first quarter of its fiscal year 2011 which ended October 1, 2010. The press release also announced that as a result of the softening of demand operating results for the fiscal first quarter would not be consistent with historical performance or indicative of what management believes to be the Company’s long-term future operating potential.


88421 9/20/2010 9/22/2010
Item 8.01 Other Events.
On September 20, 2010, a class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of California on behalf of purchasers of the securities of the Company between May 11, 2009, and September 16, 2010, alleging that the Company and certain of its employees engaged in violations of the Securities Act of 1933, or Securities Act, and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or Exchange Act, and seeking to pursue remedies under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act. The Company intends to vigorously defend the suit. It is possible that additional similar complaints and related derivative actions may be filed in the future. If this does occur, the Company expects that all similar class action complaints will eventually be consolidated into a single action.


10116 9/10/2010 9/13/2010
Acura Pharmaceuticals Named in Purported Class Action Securities Litigation
PALATINE, Ill., Sept. 13, 2010 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Nasdaq:ACUR) today announced that it and certain of its current and former executive officers have been named as defendants in a purported class action lawsuit filed on September 10, 2010 in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division. The complaint alleges that the Company and certain executive officers violated federal securities laws by making false or misleading statements, or failing to disclose material facts in order to make statements not misleading, during the period February 21, 2006 through April 22, 2010, relating to the Company's Acurox® product candidate, and that these statements artificially inflated the trading price of the Company's common stock to the detriment of shareholders who purchased shares during that time. Plaintiff seeks unspecified compensatory damages for the purported class.  
Acura believes the claims are meritless and intends to defend this lawsuit vigorously.


86715 8/31/2010 9/13/2010
Item 8.01 Other Events.
Corinthian Colleges, Inc. (the "Company") has received a copy of a complaint in a purported class action lawsuit naming the Company and several executive officers as defendants. The complaint, which was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California, alleges that the Company and the other defendants made false and misleading statements and failed to disclose material adverse facts about the Company’s business and prospects in violation of federal securities laws. The plaintiff seeks damages for the purported class. The complaint was filed on August 31, 2010 and is captioned, Jimmy Elias Karam v. Corinthian Colleges, Inc., Jack P. Massimino, Peter C. Waller, Matthew A. Ouimet and Kenneth S. Ord. Based on its initial review of the complaint, the Company believes the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend against it. 

Additionally, on July 26, 2010, the Department of Education ("ED") issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (the "NPRM") entitled "Program Integrity: Gainful Employment." On September 8, 2010, the Company filed its comments to the NPRM with ED, which comments can be found on the Company’s website at www.cci.edu under the heading "Investor Relations / Current Issues and Reports." 

The information in Item 8.01 of this Form 8-K shall not be deemed "filed" for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.


81138 8/13/2010 8/31/2010
Item 8.01 Other Events.
     Today, Apollo Group, Inc. announced that it has received a copy of a complaint in a purported class action lawsuit naming Apollo Group and several current senior executives as defendants. The complaint, which was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Arizona, alleges that Apollo Group and the other named defendants made materially false and misleading statements between December 7, 2009 and August 3, 2010 about Apollo Group and its business in violation of federal securities laws, and that these statements artificially inflated the trading price of the Apollo common stock to the detriment of shareholders who purchased shares during that time. Plaintiff seeks compensatory damages for the purported class. The complaint is captioned, Douglas N. Gaer v. Apollo Group, Inc., John Sperling, Gregory W. Cappelli, Charles B. Edelstein, Gregory J. Iverson, Joseph L. D’Amico and Brian L. Swartz.
     Apollo Group takes its disclosure obligations very seriously and intends to defend this lawsuit vigorously.
     The information in Item 8.01 of this Form 8-K shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing.



93080 8/11/2010 8/24/2010
Item 8.01.  Other Events.
On August 11, 2010, a securities class action complaint captioned Gaer v. Education Management Corp., et. al was filed against the Company, certain of its executive officers and directors, and certain underwriters of the Company’s initial public offering. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934 due to allegedly false and misleading statements in connection with the Company’s initial public offering and the Company’s subsequent press releases and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company believes that the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.


93080 8/11/2010 9/1/2010
ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
On August 11, 2010, a securities class action complaint captioned Gaer v. Education Management Corp., et. al was filed against the Company, certain of our executive officers and directors, and certain underwriters of our initial public offering. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 11, 12(a)(2) and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933 and Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act of 1934 due to allegedly false and misleading statements in connection with our initial public offering and our subsequent press releases and filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We believe that the lawsuit is without merit and intend to vigorously defend ourselves.


93177 8/6/2010 8/16/2010
Item 1. Legal Proceedings.
On and shortly after August 6, 2010, certain purported shareholder class action and derivative lawsuits were filed in the United States District Court for the Central District of California against the Company and certain of its directors and officers.  The lawsuits allege that the Company and certain of its officers and directors issued materially false and misleading statements and failed to disclose adverse facts known to them regarding the Company's business and financial results and, therefore, violated federal securities laws and state laws.  All of the allegations made by these law suits are based on a third-party inaugural “research report” issued by an entity known as Muddy Waters, LLC.  The “research report” alleged, among other things, inflated revenue for fiscal year 2008 and 2009 and misappropriation of some $30 million of investor funds by the Company.


93177 8/6/2010 8/24/2010
Item 8.01. Other Events.
On August 20, 2010, the Company was served notice of a stockholder class action lawsuit filed on August 6, 2010 in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California against the Company, the current and former officers and members of the board of directors of the Company (the “Board”), and Roth Capital Partners, LLP.  The complaint in the lawsuit, Mark Henning v. Orient Paper et al., CV-10-5887 RSWL (AJWx), alleges, among other claims, that the Company issued materially false and misleading statements and omitted to state material facts that rendered its affirmative statements misleading as they related to the Company’s financial performance, business prospects, and financial condition, and that the defendants failed to prevent such statements from being issued or corrected.  The complaint seeks, among other relief, compensatory damages and plaintiff’s counsel’s fees and experts’ fees.  Mr. Henning purports to sue on his own behalf and on behalf of a class consisting of the Company’s stockholders (other than the defendants and their affiliates).  The Company believes that the complaint has no merit and  intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit.
This information shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.



75526 8/3/2010 8/4/2010
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
On August 3, 2010, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, City of Livonia Employees’ Retirement System v. Almost Family, Inc., et al.  The complaint also refers to The Wall Street Journal article and the subsequent governmental investigations and alleges that the Company, its chief executive officer and chief financial officer violated federal securities laws.  The complaint seeks damages and an award of attorneys’ fees and costs.  The Company is reviewing the complaint and has not yet filed a responsive pleading.


90748 7/28/2010 8/6/2010
Item 1.	Legal Proceedings
In July 2010, a purported securities class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, naming us and certain of our officers and directors as defendants. The lawsuit alleges violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, in connection with allegedly false, misleading and incomplete statements issued by the defendants related to our product candidate, Horizant (gabapentin enacarbil) Extended-Release Tablets, as a potential treatment of moderate-to-severe primary restless legs syndrome, which allegedly made it impossible for investors to meaningfully understand the drug’s potential for U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval. The plaintiff seeks damages, an award of its costs and injunctive and/or equitable relief on behalf of a purported class of stockholders who purchased our common stock during the period between May 5, 2009 and February 17, 2010.
We believe that we have meritorious defenses and intend to defend the lawsuit vigorously. This lawsuit and any other related lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties, and the actual cost will depend upon many unknown factors. The outcome of the litigation is necessarily uncertain, we could be forced to expend significant resources in the defense of this lawsuit and we may not prevail.


76081 6/25/2010 7/1/2010
PART II — Other Information
ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
Following our announcement on June 10, 2010 that the filing of our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2010 would be delayed, a lawsuit was filed against us and our officers, Peter B. Orthwein and Christian G. Farman, on June 25, 2010 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio – Dayton Division. The lawsuit was filed by Teamsters Allied Benefit Funds, individually and purportedly on behalf of a class of all those who purchased or acquired the Company’s common stock between November 30, 2009 and June 10, 2010. The complaint alleges violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. In particular, the lawsuit alleges that the Company made false and misleading statements in its SEC filings and press releases regarding its financial condition, profitability, accounting practices and internal controls. Specifically, plaintiff claims that the Company misled shareholders by making loans to its dealers that masked the profitability of its various divisions and by improperly accounting for repurchase reserves relating to agreements with lenders for its dealers. It further contends that the Company failed to disclose that it lacked proper internal controls to effectively account for such transactions. The plaintiff alleges that on June 10, 2010, the Company revealed the truth by disclosing that the annual and quarterly results for fiscal 2009 and part of fiscal 2010 may need to be restated due to reevaluation of the accounting related to these transactions. The Company’s evaluation of these transactions did not result in any changes to previously taken accounting positions. The Company strongly disputes the allegations in these complaints, and intends to vigorously defend itself in all such matters.
While it is impossible to estimate with certainty the ultimate legal and financial liability with respect to the litigation arising out of our operations in the normal course of business, including the litigation described above, we believe that while the final resolution of any such litigation may have an impact on our consolidated results for a particular reporting period, the ultimate disposition of such litigation will not have any material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operation or liquidity.


92750 6/14/2010 6/15/2010
Celera Says Purported Class Action Lawsuit is Without Merit
ALAMEDA, Calif. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Celera Corporation (NASDAQ:CRA) today confirmed that a purported class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers and announced on June 14, 2010. The lawsuit alleges that during the period from April 24, 2008 through July 22, 2009, the Company issued false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s business and financial results, and seeks unspecified damages on behalf of an alleged class of purchasers of the Company’s stock during this period. Celera believes that the allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend the action.


21936 5/11/2010 5/13/2010
Various Drugs
In May 2010, a purported class action was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against Pfizer and several of our current and former officers. The complaint alleges that the defendants violated federal securities laws by failing to disclose that Pfizer was engaged in off-label marketing of certain drugs. Plaintiffs seek damages in an unspecified amount.


92395 5/6/2010 5/6/2010
Heckmann Corporation Responds to Class Action
PALM DESERT, Calif. - (BUSINESS WIRE) - Heckmann Corporation of Palm Desert, California (NYSE: HEK, HEK.U, HEK.WS) learned today that a lawsuit purporting to allege claims under the federal securities laws was filed on May 6, 2010, in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. Heckmann Corporation has not been served with a copy of the complaint. It appears that the lawsuit alleges various claims concerning the October 2008 acquisition of China Water. Heckmann Corporation believes that such allegations lack merit and intends to vigorously defend the lawsuit.


85978 4/15/2010 4/20/2010
Item 8.01 Other Events.
 
On April 15, 2010, a purported securities fraud class action lawsuit was commenced in the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington in Seattle against Frontier Financial Corporation (the “Corporation”), and several of its directors and officers, Patrick M. Fahey, John J. Dickson, Michael J. Clementz and Carol E. Wheeler.
 
The plaintiffs allege that during the class period from July 22, 2008 to March 16, 2010, the defendants violated Sections 10(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and SEC Rule 10b-5 by issuing materially false and misleading statements regarding the Corporation’s business and financial results, failing to disclose the extent of delinquent commercial real estate loans and construction and land loans, and failing to adequately and timely record losses for its impaired loans, causing its financial results and its Tier 1 capital ratio to be materially false, and seek an unspecified amount of compensatory damages, attorneys’ fees and costs, and other relief. The Corporation, its directors and officers named as defendants believe that the plaintiffs’ allegations are without merit and intend to vigorously defend this action. It is possible that additional complaints containing similar claims may be made by other plaintiffs. As is typical in these types of claims, it is likely that all such cases will be consolidated into a single action.
 
Failure by the Corporation to obtain a favorable resolution of the claims set forth in the complaint could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Currently, the amount of such material adverse effect cannot be reasonably estimated.


92330 4/14/2010 4/15/2010
Item 8.01. Other Events.
     On April 14, 2010, a purported securities class action lawsuit was commenced in the United States District Court for the District of Minnesota, naming as defendants Compellent Technologies, Inc., or the Company, and certain of its executive officers. The lawsuit alleges violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with the Company’s alleged failure to disclose material adverse facts about its financial condition. Plaintiff seeks to represent a class of stockholders who purchased the Company’s common stock between October 28, 2009 and April 7, 2010.
     The management of the Company believes that the allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against this action.
     It is possible that similar lawsuits may yet be filed in the same or other courts that name the same or additional defendants. To the extent such similar cases are filed, the Company does not intend to file further Current Reports on Form 8-K describing the additional lawsuits.


92330 4/14/2010 5/7/2010
Item 1. Legal Proceedings
On April 14, 2010, a purported securities class action lawsuit was commenced in the U.S. District Court for the District of Minnesota, naming us and certain of our executive officers as defendants. The lawsuit alleges violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with our alleged failure to disclose material adverse facts about our financial condition. The plaintiff seeks to represent a class of stockholders who purchased our common stock between October 28, 2009 and April 7, 2010. We believe that the allegations are without merit and intend to vigorously defend against this action.
     In the ordinary course of business, we are also from time to time involved in lawsuits, claims, investigations, proceedings, and threats of litigation consisting of intellectual property, commercial and other matters. While the outcome of these proceedings and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, there are no matters of this type, as of March 31, 2010, that, in the opinion of management, might have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.


77605 4/9/2010 5/6/2010
Securities Related Litigation
On April 9, 2010, the City of Roseville Employees’ Retirement System individually and on behalf of purchasers of our securities during the period from April 20, 2009 to March 12, 2010, filed a purported class action suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts. The suit alleges that we and certain of our current and former officers violated certain sections of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The suit claims that our stock price was artificially inflated because we failed to disclose certain matters with respect to our CRM business.


35044 4/8/2010 5/5/2010
Item 1.	
Legal Proceedings
Regions and certain of its affiliates have been named in class-action lawsuits filed in federal and state courts on behalf of investors who purchased shares of certain Regions Morgan Keegan Select Funds (the “Funds”) and shareholders of Regions. The Funds were formerly managed by Morgan Asset Management, Inc. (“Morgan Asset Management”). Morgan Asset Management no longer manages these Funds, which were transferred to Hyperion Brookfield Asset Management in 2008. Certain of the funds have since been terminated by Hyperion. The complaints contain various allegations, including claims that the Funds and the defendants misrepresented or failed to disclose material facts relating to the activities of the Funds. No class has been certified, and at this stage of the lawsuits Regions cannot determine the probability of a material adverse result or reasonably estimate a range of potential exposures, if any. However, it is possible that an adverse resolution of these matters may be material to Regions’ business, consolidated financial position or results of operations.
Certain of the shareholders in these Funds and other interested parties have entered into arbitration proceedings and individual civil claims, in lieu of participating in the class actions. Although it is not possible to predict the ultimate resolution or financial liability with respect to these contingencies, management is currently of the opinion that the outcome of these proceedings would not have a material effect on Regions’ business, consolidated financial position or results of operations.


82775 3/31/2010 4/29/2010
9. Commitments and Contingencies
Litigation
In March 2010, a putative class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of persons who acquired Hartford common stock during the period from December 10, 2007 through February 5, 2009, alleging that the Company and certain of its present or former officers violated Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5, by making false or misleading statements about the Company’s financial performance and investment practices during the alleged class period. The Company disputes the allegations and intends to defend this action vigorously.



92306 3/19/2010 4/8/2010
Fuqi International, Inc. Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against Fuqi International, Inc. And Certain individuals
Fuqi International, Inc. announced that a class action lawsuit against the Company and certain individuals associated with the Company was commenced in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of shareholders who purchased Fuqi shares between May 15, 2009 and March 16, 2010. The complaint charges Fuqi and certain of its executive officers with violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint alleges that defendants misrepresented or omitted information regarding the Company and its business operations. The misrepresentation and/or omission of information caused the Company's stock price to plummet.


91141 3/9/2010 3/10/2010
Item 8.01. Other Events.
On March 9, 2010, a purported securities class action lawsuit was commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, naming as defendants the Company and certain of its officers. The lawsuit alleges violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with allegedly false and misleading statements made by the Company related to dimebon. The plaintiff alleges, among other things, that the defendants disseminated false and misleading statements about the effectiveness of dimebon for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease making it impossible for stockholders to gain a realistic understanding of the drug’s progress toward FDA approval. The plaintiff seeks to represent a class of stockholders who purchased the Company’s common stock between July 17, 2008 and March 2, 2010. Plaintiff seeks damages, an award of its costs and injunctive and/or equitable relief.
Company management believes that the Company has meritorious defenses and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously.
It is possible that similar lawsuits may yet be filed in the same or other courts that name the same or additional defendants. To the extent such similar cases are filed, the Company does not intend to file further Current Reports on Form 8-K describing the additional lawsuits.


91141 3/9/2010 3/15/2010
Item 3.	Legal Proceedings.
On March 9, 2010, a purported securities class action lawsuit was commenced in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, naming as defendants us and certain of our officers. The lawsuit alleges violations of the Securities Exchanges Act of 1934 in connection with allegedly false and misleading statements made by us related to dimebon. The plaintiff alleges among other things that the defendants disseminated false and misleading statements about the effectiveness of dimebon for the treatment of Alzheimer’s disease making it impossible for stockholders to gain a realistic understanding of the drug’s progress toward FDA approval. The plaintiff seeks to represent a class of stockholders who purchased our common stock between July 17, 2008 and March 2, 2010. The plaintiff seeks damages, an award of its costs and injunctive and/or equitable relief. It is possible that additional suits will be filed, or allegations received from stockholders with respect to these same matters and also naming us and/or our officers and directors as defendants.
Our management believes that we have meritorious defenses and intends to defend the lawsuit vigorously. This lawsuit and any other related lawsuits are subject to inherent uncertainties, the actual cost may be significant, and we may not prevail.


90136 2/25/2010 3/12/2010
Item 3: Legal Proceedings
On February 25, 2010, the Company and several of its officers were named in certain lawsuits commenced in United States District Court, Eastern District of New York on behalf of a putative class of all persons and entities who purchased the Company’s common stock between March 13, 2008 and February 1, 2010, alleging claims under Section 10(b) and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Plaintiffs allege, among other things, that the public statements and financial filings by the Company and/or certain of its officers pertaining to, among other things, the Company’s loan loss reserve, fair value of its assets, recognition of impaired assets, and its internal and disclosure controls were materially false, misleading or incomplete. Management believes that the defendants have meritorious defenses against each of these actions and intends to vigorously defend all aspects of these actions.

In the opinion of the Company and its counsel, there are no other material proceedings pending in which the Company, Bank or any of its subsidiaries is a party, or of which its property is the subject, or any which depart from the ordinary routine litigation incident to the kind of business conducted by the Company, the Bank and its subsidiaries. No proceedings are known to be contemplated by government authorities or others.


87128 2/5/2010 2/8/2010
Nokia’s comment on class action complaint
 
Espoo, Finland - Nokia has become aware of the filing of a class action complaint against Nokia on February 5, 2010 in the US District Court for the Southern District of New York alleging securities fraud in connection with statements made by Nokia between January 24, 2008 and September 5, 2008 regarding the production and sales of certain of its mobile devices.
 
Nokia has reviewed the allegations contained in the complaint and believes that they are without merit.  Nokia intends to defend itself against the complaint vigorously.


22779 1/21/2010 2/16/2010
St. Lucie County Fire District Firefighters' Pension Trust Fund Securities Class Action Case 

A purported class action lawsuit on behalf of the purchasers of Motorola securities between December 6, 2007 and January 22, 2008, St. Lucie County Fire District Firefighters' Pension Fund v. Motorola, Inc., et al., was filed against the Company and certain current and former officers and directors of the Company on January 21, 2010, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois. The complaint alleges violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as well as, in the case of the individual defendants, the control person provisions of the Securities Exchange Act. The primary factual assertions in the complaint are that the defendants knowingly or recklessly made materially misleading statements concerning Motorola's financial projections and sales demand for Motorola phones during the class period. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and other relief relating to the purported inflation in the price of Motorola shares during the class period.



61815 9/15/2004 9/16/2004
Noble Energy Announces Preliminary Impact Of Hurricane Ivan
HOUSTON (Dow Jones)--Noble Energy Inc. (NBL) said three of its production platforms in the Gulf of Mexico are missing and one damaged as a result of Hurricane Ivan.
In a press release Thursday, the company added that a financial assessment of damage from the storm is incomplete.
The damaged and missing platforms were located in the Main Pass area. Prior to shut-down for Hurricane Ivan, net production at the Main Pass field was 3,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day.
Noble closed Thursday at $54.50, up 24 cents.


61815 9/15/2004 9/17/2004
NOBLE ENERGY INC - NBL: Preliminary Impact of Hurricane Ivan
Noble Energy, Inc. (NBL) has completed a partial aerial survey of the company's operated Gulf of Mexico production platforms that were affected by Hurricane Ivan. Based on the aerial survey, three production platforms are missing and one has been damaged in the Main Pass area. The missing platforms are Main Pass 293A, Main Pass 305C and Main Pass 306E. The damaged platform is Main Pass 305B. Prior to shut-in for Hurricane Ivan, net production at the Main Pass field was approximately 3,400 barrels of oil equivalent per day.


14541 9/25/2004 10/20/2004
Chevron says no restart estimate for Petronius
NEW YORK, Oct 20 (Reuters) - U.S. oil major ChevronTexaco Corp. (CVX.N) on Wednesday said the company has "no time frame" for the return of the Petronius oil and gas platform which was damaged last month by Hurricane Ivan.
"Damage assessments are still going on as well as repairs," said company spokesman Matt Carmichael. "There is no time frame for Petronius to return to production, he said.
The platform's average production last year was 53,000 barrels per day of oil and 97 million cubic feet per day of natural gas.
Production in the Gulf of Mexico is still only about 75 percent of its normal rate of 1.7 million bpd of oil production according to the U.S. Minerals Management Service.


92215 9/13/2008 9/19/2008
Energy XXI Limited (Nasdaq:EXXI) just released some important news
HOUSTON -- Energy XXI Limited (Nasdaq:EXXI) today provided an operational update related to storm impacts.

Energy XXI safely evacuated all operating personnel and shut in a majority of its production ahead of Hurricane Ike. Following the storm, inspections have revealed limited damage to company-operated facilities from Hurricane Ike, although two non-operated fields accounting for approximately 1,750 barrels of oil equivalent per day (BOE/d), or about 7 percent of the company's pre-storm net production, will be off-line indefinitely due to toppled production platforms.

The Eugene Island 330 field, in which Energy XXI holds a 17.5 percent working interest, has lost its two primary producing platforms, which accounted for approximately 1,200 BOE/d of the company's net production prior to the recent storms. In addition, a single well at Ewing Bank 948 that had been producing about 550 BOE/d net is off-line due to the loss of the third-party platform through which it produced via sub-sea tie-back. These outages are incremental to the 300 BOE/d of net volumes knocked offline by Hurricane Gustav due to the loss of a small producing platform at South Timbalier 21. Assessments will be conducted to determine potential redevelopment options at all three locations.

The company's total clean-up and repair costs related to Hurricane Ike are expected to be capped at its $7.5 million insurance deductible. Energy XXI does not purchase business interruption insurance. There have been no reported injuries to personnel or environmental impacts related to the company's properties.

Restoration efforts following Hurricane Gustav were delayed further by Hurricane Ike, but have since resumed. As of today, Sept. 18, the company's production has reached about 10,000 BOE/d, or approximately 38 percent of pre-storm levels. Due to the effects of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike, Energy XXI estimates that production for the quarter ending Sept. 30 will average approximately 18,000 BOE/d. In addition to the indefinite delay of volumes from the Eugene Island 330 and Ewing Banks 948 fields, production constraints could continue beyond September, depending on the return to service of third-party pipelines and related facilities. Energy XXI expects quarterly production to exceed its hedged volumes. Lehman Brothers is a minor participant in the company's outstanding hedges and revolving credit facility. Their bankruptcy filing is expected to have no material impact on the company.

Key Field and Rig Status: With the exception of Eugene Island 330, all of the company's key fields are expected to be restored to production once third-party take-away pipelines are placed back in service, although some may flow at constrained levels while portions of the pipeline systems remain under repair. The current status of key fields follows.

Eastern Gulf Fields:

* Main Pass 61 -- Production was fully restored as of Sept. 16;

* Main Pass 72/73 -- Production was fully restored as of Sept. 16;

* South Pass 49 -- All top side facilities are ready to flow; volumes remain shut-in due to a leak in the third-party-operated oil sales line and water damage at a related third-party facility at South Pass 24.

Central Gulf Fields:

* South Timbalier 21: -- The ST-21 D&H platform's 6-inch departing gas sales line and 14-inch low-pressure gas loop line are damaged; repairs are underway; -- The Gulf South take-away pipeline that handles most of the natural gas production from South Timbalier 21 sustained damage at Timbalier Island during Hurricane Gustav and is expected to be off-line for up to a month.

* East Cameron 334/335 -- These fields had been returned to partial production Sept. 8 and were shut in again for Hurricane Ike. The third-party take-away pipeline servicing the area has reportedly sustained additional damage that will likely require several weeks to repair.

Onshore/Gulf Coast Fields:

* Rabbit Island -- The field facilities incurred no significant damage; awaiting third-party pipeline availability, expected in the near term;

* Lake Salvador -- No significant damage was incurred; the Joe McHugh field flowed throughout Hurricane Ike; awaiting flood waters to recede in some other areas;

* Laphroaig -- No significant damage was incurred; production is curtailed approximately 20 percent awaiting third-party pipeline availability, expected in the near term.

Other Activity: The company's operational headquarters in downtown Houston also were safely evacuated ahead of Hurricane Ike's landfall. While most Houston-area residents have experienced electrical power outages and varying degrees of home damage due to the storm, there have been no reported injuries to personnel, and the company's offices have re-opened and daily corporate functions have resumed.

Of the eight rigs drilling wells in which Energy XXI has an interest, the three land rigs continued operations throughout the storm. The remainder, which include three barge rigs and two offshore rigs, were safely evacuated ahead of the storm and have since returned to operations.


91116 9/13/2008 9/30/2008

Mariner Energy, Inc. Mariner Energy Reports No Material Damage Following Hurricane Ike; Majority of Production Expected to Resume Over Next Several Days

Mariner Energy, Inc. (NYSE:ME) today provided an initial report on the impact of Hurricane Ike on the company's production and assets. The company has completed preliminary assessments at nearly all of the Mariner-operated offshore structures and received updates from most of the operators at third-party operated properties. The company believes it does not have any material damage to its Gulf of Mexico asset base.

Based on information received from representatives of third-party operators of pipelines, processing plants and other downstream facilities, Mariner expects that the majority of its production will be restored over the next several days. Most of the remaining production is expected to resume over the next several weeks as additional downstream facilities come online.

Drilling and completion operations have restarted at Garden Banks 462 (Geauxpher), Desoto Canyon 49 (Dalmatian), Eugene Island 342 and Vermilion 380. Operations are expected to restart in a few days at Garden Banks 334 (Surge) and South Timbalier 49. As reported by the contractor, the rig working at South Marsh Island 149 has not been located. Mariner expects completion and drilling operations there to resume once a replacement rig has been secured.

More significant damage was identified at a couple of Mariner platforms that were scheduled for decommissioning or produced immaterial volumes.

Mariner plans to provide updates regarding restoration of its production shut in due to Hurricane Ike on the company website (http://www.mariner-energy.com/) by Monday, September 22, 2008, and periodically thereafter.


77481 9/13/2008 10/4/2008

El Paso Corp - Provides Storm Impact On E&P Operations
	
EL PASO CORP ("EP-N") - Provides Storm Impact On E&P Operations El Paso Corporation is providing an update on the effects of Hurricane Ike on its Gulf of Mexico and onshore production.

Gulf of Mexico/S. Louisiana

El Paso's net production in the Gulf of Mexico and S. Louisiana areas, which totaled 125 million cubic feet equivalent per day (MMcfe/d) before production was shut in for Hurricane Ike, currently totals 30 MMcfe/d. While most of the 27 operated-platforms received only minor damage, two structures in the Eugene Island area, that together produce approximately 15 MMcfe/d, were heavily damaged. Evaluations are ongoing to determine the costs of restoring the platforms to operations. Of the remaining approximately 80 MMcfe/d that is currently shut in, 55 MMcfe/d is dependent on the repair of the High Island Offshore System (HIOS) and 25 MMcfe/d is dependent on repairs to onshore facilities of the Stingray system. Volumes on Stingray are expected to be flowing again between late October 2008 and the end of November 2008. The operator of HIOS expects the system to return to service in mid-to-late November 2008.

Texas Gulf Coast

El Paso's production in the Texas Gulf Coast (TGC) Division is now back to pre-storm levels. At its peak, approximately 90 MMcfe/d of production was shut in due to the temporary outage of processing and fractionation plants and end-user markets in the Houston area that were off-line due to the loss of power following the hurricane. The TGC Division did not suffer any material damage to its production infrastructure.

Central Onshore

El Paso's production from the Arklatex area of the Central Onshore region had initial shut ins totaling as much as 20 MMcfe/d, principally due to constrained processing capacity. All production is now back to pre-storm levels.

Third Quarter Impact

In addition to the direct impact on existing production, Hurricane Ike and the preceding recent hurricanes and tropical storms have impacted ongoing drilling, completions, and facility activities across the company's domestic operations. El Paso expects that the impact will reduce third quarter production by approximately 40-45 MMcfe/d.

Regular updates for El Paso's pipelines are available on the company's Web site at http://www.elpaso.com/postings.



90533 9/13/2008 9/18/2008
W&T Offshore Provides Assessment From Hurricanes Gustav and Ike
HOUSTON — September 18, 2008— W&T Offshore, Inc. (NYSE: WTI) today announced its initial assessment of the impact of Hurricanes Gustav and Ike on its operations.
The Company’s initial flyovers after Hurricane Ike have indicated that its Eugene Island 371 “B” platform and Eugene Island 397 “A” platform and the third party owned processing facility for its Ewing Banks 949 “Queen of Hearts” sank. The Company is currently evaluating its alternatives for those facilities including utilizing other platforms. The Company has not made a final determination as to the cost to repair or replace these facilities or the timing of such repairs. The Company has also learned that several non-operated platforms were lost. The net production volumes from these sunken operated and non-operated platforms were approximately 5.0 MMcfe per day.
W&T’s pre-Hurricane Gustav and Ike production volumes were approximately 308 MMcfe per day. The Company will have production estimates in seven to ten days after assessing multiple factors including damaged and/or sunken platforms, the functionality of downstream pipelines, processing and third party facilities, delays in drilling and production operations and third-party operators recommencing production and drilling operations. W&T plans to provide updates regarding re-establishment of its production shut in due to Hurricane Ike in future press releases.
W&T’s corporate office in Houston sustained minimal damage as a result of Hurricane Ike but it is now completely operational.
The Company adds that it has no counterparty exposure or credit exposure with Lehman Brothers.

86223 9/13/2008 9/15/2008
Enterprise Completes Initial Assessment of Onshore Facilities after Storm
Enterprise Products Partners LP (NYSE:EPD), a US-based company that provides various services including transportation and marketing services to the natural gas, natural gas liquids and crude oil industry, has announced that initial inspections by onsite field crews at the company's onshore assets on the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast have indicated minimal to no visible damage to the properties.
The company will commence aerial evaluations of offshore platforms on the Texas and Louisiana Gulf Coast, which were evacuated ahead of a storm, as well as to certain onshore pipelines and facilities. 


79444 9/13/2008 9/18/2008
STONE ENERGY CORPORATION Updates Impact from Hurricane Ike
LAFAYETTE, LA. September 18, 2008
     Stone Energy Corporation (NYSE: SGY) today provided an update on the impact of Hurricane Ike on its facilities, operations and production. All of the Stone operated properties have been evaluated either by flyover or physical inspection. These inspections indicate that a total of six structures were lost with minimal production and reserves impact. The production and estimated proved reserves associated with these properties were approximately 10 million cubic feet of natural gas equivalent (Mmcfe) per day and 2 Bcfe, respectively. This represents less than 0.5% of Stone’s estimated proved reserves. Stone is reviewing its options for recovering the estimated proved reserves associated with the Vermilion Block 122 platform, which was producing 8 of the lost 10 Mmcfe per day.
     Excluding the lost platforms, damage to the remaining Stone structures appears to be minimal and is in the process of being repaired. Substantially all of the Stone facilities are currently operational, although most platforms are still awaiting approval from downstream pipeline and processing facilities before restoring production. Some of these downstream pipeline and processing facilities are only waiting for final testing and inspection before accepting volumes, while others are in need of repairs before coming back on line. The timetable for when the various pipelines and processing facilities will be operational is difficult to ascertain at this point, although Stone expects a majority of its production should be on line by the end of October, barring any further weather interruptions. As previously disclosed, substantially all of Stone’s approximately 310 Mmcfe per day of capacity was shut-in as of August 30 due to Hurricane Gustav, and again on September 10 due to Hurricane Ike.
                    Stone now expects that the hurricane loss will exceed its deductible and has put its insurance carriers on notice.


79915 9/13/2008 9/25/2008

Newfield Exploration Provides Update Following Recent Storms Company Estimates 2008 Production Growth of 24%

HOUSTON, September 25, 2008 -- Newfield Exploration Company (NYSE:NFX) today provided an update on its operations in the Gulf of Mexico following the two recent hurricanes. The Company estimates that the storms will result in deferred production of approximately 5 Bcfe net.

The deferrals arise from damage to two non-operated host facilities in deepwater and the loss of one operated facility in shallow water. In addition, production has been temporarily impacted by curtailments in South Texas due to demand loss following the storms.

Total company production guidance for 2008 is now expected to be 234-238 Bcfe (previous range was 238-242 Bcfe). Revised production estimates for 2008 compare to 2007 actual production of approximately 190 Bcfe (adjusted for asset sales and acquisitions), representing an increase of approximately 24%.

Newfield’s net production capacity in the Gulf of Mexico is approximately 65 MMcfe/d from eight facilities. The Gulf of Mexico represents about 8% of the Company’s total daily production volumes.


