92222 12/19/2012 12/20/2012Neptune Comments on Filing of LawsuitLAVAL, Quebec, Dec. 20, 2012 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- Neptune Technologies & Bioressources Inc. ("Neptune") (Nasdaq:NEPT) (TSX:NTB) learned today that it and certain of its officers have been named as defendants in a purported class action lawsuit filed by Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd LLP on December 19, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint charges Neptune and certain of its officers with alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint has been filed on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased the common stock of Neptune during a specified period.Neptune believes that the claim is completely without merit and that it has substantial and meritorious legal and factual defenses, which Neptune intends to pursue vigorously. Amongst those defenses, Neptune reiterates that it has duly demonstrated that acetone levels stored inside and/or outside its Sherbrooke plant or used in the production of its krill oil products did not at any time exceed the levels permitted by the Québec Ministry of Environment. Neptune had obtained the required construction permits for its plant expansion and was in the process of obtaining the required environmental permit for the expansion. As previously disclosed, the notice alleging environmental non-compliance received by Neptune from the Québec Ministry of Environment on November 16, 2012 related to specific equipment acquisitions by Neptune and its plant expansion, but had nothing to do with the level or the compliance of acetone levels.Neptune continues to work on the implementation of its action plan to resume operations and supply customers announced on November 26, 2012.92222 12/19/2012 1/14/2013SUBSEQUENT EVENTS(d)  Class-action suit:On December 20, 2012, the Corporation announced that it and certain of its officers have been named as defendants in a purported class action lawsuit filed by a US law firm on December 19, 2012 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint charges Neptune and certain of its officers with alleged violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint has been filed on behalf of all persons or entities who purchased the common stock of Neptune during a specified period. Neptune believes that the claim is completely without merit and that it has substantial and meritorious legal and factual defenses, which Neptune intends to pursue vigorously.12049 10/25/2012 11/14/2012ITEM 1:  Legal ProceedingsOn October 25, 2012, a putative securities class action lawsuit captioned Scott Cantor, on Behalf of Himself and All Others Similarly Situated v. Gold Resource Corporation et al., was filed in the U.S. District Court for the District of Colorado.  This federal court action names the Company and certain of its executive officers individually as defendants and alleges, among other things, that we and those officers violated Section 10(b) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 in connection with statements relating to our annual production targets and mine operations. The plaintiffs seek damages, including interest, equitable relief and reimbursement of the costs and expenses they incur in the lawsuit.  We believe the allegations are without merit and that we have valid defenses to such allegations.  We intend to defend this action vigorously.  We are unable at this time to provide a meaningful quantification of how the final resolution of these claims may impact our future consolidated financial position or results of operations.89269 6/29/2012 7/24/2012ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings.In June 2012, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri.  The lawsuit alleges, on behalf of purchasers of the Company's securities from February 7, 2012 through June 8, 2012, that the Company and certain of its officers violated federal securities laws by making false or misleading statements principally concerning the Company's fiscal 2012 earnings guidance.  According to the complaint, these allegedly materially false statements had the effect of artificially inflating the price of the Company's securities, which subsequently dropped following the announcement of its revised fiscal 2012 earnings guidance on June 11, 2012.  The Company believes the case is without merit and plans to vigorously defend its position.93007 5/25/2012 6/1/2012Item 8.01 Other Events.On May 25, 2012, a putative securities class action complaint was filed against the Company, Kaleil Isaza Tuzman, Robin Smyth and Gavin Campion for an alleged class period of November 8, 2011 through May 3, 2012 alleging violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, and alleging that the individuals are also liable under Section 20 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 for purported control person liability. The action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Company has not yet been served with any complaint and has not yet analyzed the allegations. The allegations appear to relate to disclosures made by the Company pertaining to integration of acquired businesses and other disclosures pertaining to the operations and financial condition of the Company. The Company intends to vigorously defend itself against these claims.92919 5/25/2012 5/31/2012Item 8.01       Other Events.On May 30, 2012, a class action complaint (the “Complaint”) was received by Orrstown Financial Services, Inc. (the “Company”).  The Complaint was filed by Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority (the “Plaintiff”) against the Company, Orrstown Bank (the “Bank”) and certain current and former directors and officers of the Company and the Bank (collectively, the “Defendants”) in the United States District Court for the Middle District of Pennsylvania.  The Complaint alleges that the Defendants violated certain provisions of the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and seeks unspecified damages, including injunctive relief.  The Company believes that the allegations in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against these claims.78045 5/4/2012 5/10/2012Class action claimWe understand that a securities class action claim was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York on May 4, 2012 by the City of Taylor General Employees Retirement System, as lead plaintiff. We believe the claim to be without merit and intend to vigorously defend it. Given the early stage of the claim, it is not possible to predict the outcome.78045 5/4/2012 5/15/2012Class action claimWe understand that a securities class action claim was filed in the United States District Court, Southern District of New York on May 4, 2012 by the City of Taylor General Employees Retirement System, as lead plaintiff. We believe the claim to be without merit and intend to vigorously defend it. Given the early stage of the claim, it is not possible to predict the outcome.87078 5/2/2012 5/10/20129. ContingenciesOn August 4, 2009, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against the Company, Glen Tullman and William Davis by the Plumbers and Pipefitters Local Union No. 630 Pension-Annuity Trust Fund on behalf of a purported class consisting of stockholders who purchased Allscripts common stock between May 8, 2007 and February 13, 2008. On October 13, 2009, David Robb was appointed lead plaintiff, and on November 25, 2009, an amended complaint was filed containing allegations that the Company, Tullman and Davis made materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions in connection with the release of TouchWorks EHR, Version 11. On January 11, 2010, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the lawsuit. On April 13, 2010, the court granted the Company’s motion to dismiss on the grounds that plaintiffs failed to sufficiently describe the confidential sources upon which the allegations in the amended complaint were based. On May 12, 2010, the court granted plaintiffs leave to replead. On May 14, 2010, plaintiffs filed a second amended complaint, which attributed certain allegations to four different confidential witnesses, but made no other substantive changes. On June 11, 2010, the Company filed a motion to dismiss the second amended complaint. On March 10, 2011, the motion was granted in substantial part. However, the Court denied the motion with respect to two alleged false statements. On September 19, 2011, the Court entered an order certifying a class. On February 7, 2012, the parties agreed, subject to execution of settlement documents and Court approval, to settle this matter on a class-wide basis. The settlement amount totaling approximately $10 million will be funded by the Company’s directors’ and officers’ liability insurance carrier and therefore have no material impact on the Company’s financial condition or results of operations.On September 14, 2010, Pegasus Imaging Corporation (“Pegasus”) filed a lawsuit against the Company and AllscriptsMisys, LLC in the Circuit Court of the Thirteenth Judicial Circuit of the State of Florida in and for Hillsborough County, Florida. The lawsuit also named former officers Jeffrey Amrein and John Reinhart as defendants. Prior to serving the complaint, Pegasus filed an amended complaint dropping two of the claims that had been asserted and adding two additional defendants, which are two now-defunct Florida corporations that formerly did business with the Company. The amended complaint asserts causes of action against defendants for fraudulent misrepresentations, negligent misrepresentations, and deceptive and unfair trade practices under Florida law, arising from previous business dealings between Pegasus and Advanced Imaging Concepts, Inc., a software company based in Louisville, Kentucky that the Company purchased in August 2003. On or about November 1, 2010, Defendants moved to transfer the case to the special court for complex business litigation that resides in Hillsborough County, Florida. The Florida Business Court granted Defendants’ motion for transfer on January 13, 2011. The Defendants have answered the complaint and filed counterclaims against the Plaintiff alleging breach of license, breach of warranty, and breach of contract. On April 30, 2012, Plaintiff filed a motion seeking leave to amend its Complaint to add a claim alleging breach of a click-through license agreement and punitive damages. The Company has also recently moved for leave to amend its counterclaims to add a claim for negligent misrepresentations. Discovery in this matter is ongoing. The case is currently expected to be set for trial in April or May of 2013. The Company intends to continue to defend this matter vigorously. We believe that we have strong defensive positions in such matter, but the outcomes of intellectual property lawsuits are often uncertain.On February 11, 2011, Medical Services Associates, Inc. (“MSA”) filed binding arbitration against the Company alleging that the Company negligently caused a loss of medical billing data, negligently or intentionally misrepresented certain facts regarding the computer system being sold to MSA, and/or breached certain aspects of a contract to provide certain software-related goods and services to MSA. The Company filed its counterclaim on March 11, 2011. The outcome of this matter depends upon questions of fact and law that are disputed or not clear, and cannot be predicted with confidence at this time and no reasonable estimate of potential damages is possible. The Company believes it has strong positions in this matter and intends to defend vigorously as to both liability and damages, but any unfavorable outcome may adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition or results of operations.In the opinion of management, there was not at least a reasonable possibility the Company may have incurred a material loss, or a material loss in excess of a recorded accrual, with respect to the above matters. However, the outcome of any of the foregoing litigation is inherently uncertain, and we may incur substantial defense costs and expenses. Therefore, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company in the same reporting period for amounts in excess of management’s expectations, the Company’s consolidated financial statements of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected.On December 22, 2011, in connection with a federal grand jury investigation of third parties, we received a subpoena requesting that we provide documents regarding Allscripts’ interactions with several healthcare and educational organizations. At this time, we are unable to determine the impact of the foregoing on Allscripts. We are cooperating with the United States Attorney’s Office in connection with such subpoena.On May 1, 2012, Physicians Healthsource, Inc. (hereinafter “Plaintiff”) filed a class action Complaint in U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against Allscripts-Misys Healthcare Solutions Inc., Allscripts, LLC and Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. (“Allscripts”). The Complaint alleges that on multiple occasions between July 2008 and December 2011, Allscripts or its agent sent advertisements by fax to the Plaintiff and a class of similarly situated persons, without first receiving the recipients’ express permission or invitation in violation of the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C. § 227 (“TCPA”). The Complaint seeks $500 for each alleged violation of the TCPA, treble damages if the Court finds the violations to be willful, knowing or intentional, and injunctive and other relief. Allscripts was served with the Complaint and Plaintiff’s Motion for Class Certification on May 7, 2012 and a response is due May 28, 2012. The Company intends to vigorously defend against these claims.On May 2, 2012, a lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Illinois against the Company, Glen Tullman and William Davis by the Bristol County Retirement System for itself and on behalf of a purported class consisting of stockholders who purchased Allscripts common stock between November 18, 2010 and April 26, 2012. The Complaint alleges that the Company, Mr. Tullman and Mr. Davis made materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions during the putative class period regarding the Company’s progress in integrating Allscripts’ and Eclipsys’ business following the August 24, 2010 merger and that the Company lacked a reasonable basis for certain statements regarding the Company’s post-merger integration efforts, operations, results and projections of future financial performance. The Company has not yet been served with the Complaint.Considering the two class action suits discussed above were filed recently, it is not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of loss at this time. We will continue to evaluate the potential exposure related to these matters in future periods.In addition to commitments and obligations in the ordinary course of business, we are subject to various claims, other pending and potential legal actions for damages and other matters arising in the normal conduct of our business, including intellectual property infringement, misappropriation or other intellectual property violation claims.12056 2/10/2012 3/6/2012Item 8.01. Other EventsOn February 28, 2012, a putative class action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against New Energy Systems Group (“Company”) and Fushun Li, Nian Chen, Junfeng Chen, Weihe Yu, who served as officers and directors of the Company between April 15, 2010 and November 14, 2011. In the complaint, the plaintiff asserts claims for alleged violations of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, in connection with purported misrepresentations contained in the Company’s public filings and press releases. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages. As of the time of this Current Report on Form 8-K, the Company’s time to answer or otherwise respond to the complaint has not yet expired. The Company believes the complaint has no merit and intends to vigorously oppose the lawsuit.The information in this report, shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or incorporated subject to the liabilities of that section or Sections 11 and 12(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and shall not be incorporated by reference in any registration statement or other document filed under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filings, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such a filing.11754 2/10/2012 2/29/2012ITEM 3.  LEGAL PROCEEDINGSOn January 19, 2012, Eastman Kodak Company (the "Company") and its U.S. subsidiaries (the "Filing Subsidiaries," and together with the Company, the "Debtors") filed voluntary petitions for relief (the "Bankruptcy Filing") under chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the "Bankruptcy Code") in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of New York (the "Bankruptcy Court") case number 12-10202. The Company's foreign subsidiaries (collectively, the "Non-Filing Entities") were not part of the Bankruptcy Filing. The Debtors will continue to operate their businesses as "debtors-in-possession" under the jurisdiction of the Bankruptcy Court and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court. The Non-Filing Entities will continue to operate in the ordinary course of business.  On January 20, 2012, the Company and Kodak Canada Inc. (the "Canadian Borrower" and, together with the Company, the "Borrowers") entered into a Debtor-in-Possession Credit Agreement (the "DIP Credit Agreement").  As a result of the Bankruptcy, much of the pending litigation against the Debtors is stayed.  Subject to certain exceptions and approval by the Bankruptcy Court, no party can take further actions to recover pre-petition claims against the Company.  Refer to Note 1, “Chapter 11 Filing,” in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.Subsequent to the Company’s chapter 11 filing, a number of suits were filed in federal court in the Western District of New York, as putative class action suits, against the current and certain former members of the Board of Directors, the Company’s Savings and Investment Plan (SIP) Committee and certain former and current executives of the Company.  None of these actions are reasonably possible to result in a material loss to the Company.  The suits are filed under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA).  The allegations concern the decline in the Company’s stock price and its alleged resulting impact on SIP and on the Company’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan.  Also following the chapter 11 filing, a suit was filed in federal court in the Southern District of New York against the Chief Executive Officer, the President and Chief Operating Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as a putative class action suit under the federal securities laws, claiming that certain of the Company statements in early 2011 were too optimistic.  Suits of this nature are not uncommon for companies in chapter 11.  On behalf of all defendants in these cases, the Company believes that the suits are without merit and will vigorously defend them.  Although the nature of litigation is inherently unpredictable, the Company reasonably expects none of these cases, individually or in the aggregate, to have a material impact upon the Company.The Company has been named by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) as a Potentially Responsible Party (“PRP”) with potential liability for the study and remediation of the Lower Passaic River Study Area (“LPRSA”) portion of the Diamond Alkali Superfund Site, based on releases from the former Hilton Davis site in Newark and Lehn & Fink operations in Bloomfield, New Jersey.  Based on currently available information, the Company is unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss pertaining to this matter at this time.The Company has been named as third-party defendant (along with approximately 300 other entities) in an action initially brought by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection (“NJDEP”) in the Supreme Court of New Jersey, Essex County against Occidental Chemical Corporation and several other companies that are successors in interest to Diamond Shamrock Corporation.  The NJDEP seeks recovery of all costs associated with the investigation, removal, cleanup and damage to natural resources occasioned by Diamond Shamrock's disposal of various forms of chemicals in the Passaic River. The damages are alleged to potentially range "from hundreds of millions to several billions of dollars."  Pursuant to New Jersey's Court Rules, the defendants were required to identify all other parties which could be subject to permissive joinder in the litigation based on common questions of law or fact.  Third-party complaints seeking contribution from more than 300 entities, which have been identified as potentially contributing to the contamination in the Passaic, were filed on February 5, 2009.  Refer to Note 11, “Commitments and Contingencies,” in the Notes to Financial Statements for additional information.On November 20, 2008, Research in Motion Ltd. and Research in Motion Corp. (collectively “RIM”) filed a declaratory judgment action against the Company in Federal District Court in the Northern District of Texas.  The suit, Research in Motion Limited and Research in Motion Corporation v. Eastman Kodak Company, seeks to invalidate certain Company patents related to digital camera technology and software object linking, and seeks a determination that RIM handheld devices do not infringe such patents.  On February 17, 2009, the Company filed its answer and counterclaims for infringement of each of these same patents.  A pretrial hearing known as a Markman hearing was held on March 23, 2010.  The Court has not yet issued its Markman decision.  The Court has rescheduled to March 2012 a trial on merits which was originally scheduled for December 2010.  On January 19, 2012 the Judge issued an order to stay the case.  On February 10, 2012, RIM filed a motion to lift the stay.  Kodak and the Unsecured Creditors Committee did not oppose this motion.On January 14, 2010 the Company filed a complaint with the International Trade Commission (“ITC”) against Apple Inc. and RIM for infringement of a patent related to digital camera technology.  In the Matter of Certain Mobile Telephones and Wireless Communication Devices Featuring Digital Cameras and Components Thereof, the Company is seeking a limited exclusion order preventing importation of infringing devices including iPhones and camera-enabled Blackberry devices.  On February 16, 2010, the ITC ordered that an investigation be instituted to determine whether importation or sale of the accused Apple and RIM devices constitutes violation of the Tariff Act of 1930.  A Markman hearing was held in May 2010.  A hearing on the merits occurred in September 2010.  In December 2010, as a result of re-examination proceedings initiated by RIM and other parties, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office affirmed the validity of the same patent claim at issue in the ITC investigation.  On January 24, 2011, the Company received notice that the ITC Administrative Law Judge (“ALJ”) had issued an initial determination recommending that the Commission find the patent claim at issue invalid and not infringed.  The Company petitioned the Commission to review the initial determination of the ALJ.  On March 25, 2011, the ITC issued a notice of its decision to review the ALJ’s initial determination in its entirety.  On June 30, 2011, the Commission issued a decision affirming in part, reversing in part and remanding the case to the ALJ for further proceedings.  On October 24, 2011 the investigation was permanently reassigned to a newly appointed ALJ, following the retirement of the ALJ to whom the case was previously assigned.  On December 15, 2011, the ALJ issued an order setting new dates for the initial determination and target date as May 21, 2012 and September 21, 2012, respectively.  On December 27, 2011, the ALJ issued an order setting forth the remand schedule and the scope of discovery on remand.On January 14, 2010 the Company filed two suits against Apple Inc. in the Federal District Court in the Western District of New York (Eastman Kodak Company v. Apple Inc.) claiming infringement of patents related to digital cameras and certain computer processes.  The Company is seeking unspecified damages and other relief.  The case related to digital cameras has been stayed pending the ITC action referenced above.  On April 15, 2010, Apple Inc. filed a counterclaim against Kodak in the case related to certain computer processes, claiming infringement of patents related to digital cameras and all-in-one printers.  On April 15, 2010, Apple Inc. filed a complaint in the ITC against Kodak asserting infringement of patents related to digital cameras.  In the Matter of Certain Digital Imaging Devices and Related Software, Apple is seeking a limited exclusion order preventing importation of infringing devices.  A hearing on the merits before an ALJ was concluded on February 2, 2011.  The ALJ issued an initial determination on May 18, 2011, finding that Kodak did not infringe Apple’s patents and finding one Apple patent invalid.  Apple petitioned to the ITC for a review of the ALJ’s initial determination.  On July 18, 2011, the ITC determined not to review the ALJ’s determination.  On September 16, 2011, Apple appealed this decision to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.On April 15, 2010 Apple also filed in Federal District Court in the Northern District of California (Apple Inc. v. Eastman Kodak Company) a complaint asserting infringement of the same patents asserted in the ITC.  This case has been stayed pending the ITC action appealed to the Federal Circuit referenced above.On August 26, 2010, Apple filed a claim in California State Court (Santa Clara) claiming ownership of the Kodak patent asserted by Kodak against Apple in the ITC action referenced above.  This action was removed to Federal District Court in the Northern District of California and subsequently dismissed.  Apple has amended its answer in the stayed Western District of New York case pertaining to digital cameras referenced above, to incorporate its ownership claim.On January 10, 2012 the Company filed a complaint with the ITC against Apple Inc. and HTC Corp., HTC America, Inc. and Exedea, Inc. (collectively “HTC”) for infringement of patents related to digital imaging technology.  In the Matter of Certain Electronic Devices For Capturing and Transmitting Images, and Components Thereof, the Company is seeking a limited exclusion order preventing importation of infringing devices, including certain of Apple’s iPhones, iPads and iPods and certain of HTC’s smartphones and tablets.  The ITC has not yet instituted the investigation.On January 10, 2012 the Company filed a lawsuit against Apple Inc. in the Federal District Court in the Western District of New York (Eastman Kodak Company v. Apple Inc.) claiming infringement of patents related to digital imaging technology.  The Company is seeking unspecified damages and other relief.On January 10, 2012 the Company filed a lawsuit against HTC in the Federal District Court in the Western District of New York (Eastman Kodak Company v. HTC Corp., HTC America, Inc. and Exedea, Inc.) claiming infringement of patents related to digital imaging technology.  The Company is seeking unspecified damages and other relief.The Company and its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits, claims, investigations and proceedings, including commercial, customs, employment, environmental, and health and safety matters, which are being handled and defended in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, the Company is subject to various assertions, claims, proceedings and requests for indemnification concerning intellectual property, including patent infringement suits involving technologies that are incorporated in a broad spectrum of the Company’s products.  These matters are in various stages of investigation and litigation, and are being vigorously defended.  Much of the pending litigation against the Debtors has been stayed as a result of the chapter 11 filing and will be subject to resolution in accordance with the Bankruptcy Code and the orders of the Bankruptcy Court.  Although the Company does not expect that the outcome in any of these matters, individually or collectively, will have a material adverse effect on its financial condition or results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable.  Therefore, judgments could be rendered or settlements entered, that could adversely affect the Company’s operating results or cash flows in a particular period.  The Company routinely assesses all of its litigation and threatened litigation as to the probability of ultimately incurring a liability, and records its best estimate of the ultimate loss in situations where it assesses the likelihood of loss as probable.83366 2/9/2012 2/29/2012Item 3.	Legal ProceedingsOn August 4, 2011, the Company was named as a defendant in a civil lawsuit filed by C-E Minerals, Inc. (“C-E”) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia, Atlanta Division (the “Court”). C-E has alleged that a mutual non-competition provision contained in a Raw Material Requirements Agreement between C-E and CARBO Ceramics Inc., dated June 1, 2003, is invalid under federal antitrust law and applicable state law. The covenant generally prohibits C-E from engaging in the manufacture or sale of ceramic proppant, and prohibits the Company from engaging in the business of selling calcined clay through the end of 2013 (three years after the termination date of the agreement). C-E is seeking a declaratory judgment that the covenant is invalid, along with a preliminary and permanent injunction that would prevent the enforcement of the covenant. C-E is also seeking to recover its attorney’s fees from the Company. C-E subsequently amended its complaint on September 15, 2011 to further allege that the Company has certain monopoly power and has asked for declaratory and injunctive relief that would prevent the Company from enforcing certain damages provisions in its sales contracts. The Company believes that C-E’s allegations are without merit and is vigorously defending the lawsuit. In addition, the Company has filed a counter-claim against C-E seeking injunctive relief and damages in connection with sales of ceramic proppant by C-E and its affiliates. C-E has filed a motion for a preliminary injunction that would prohibit the enforcement of the non-competition provision. The Court held a hearing on this motion on February 15, 2012 and a decision is pending.On February 9, 2012, the Company and two of its officers, Gary A. Kolstad and Ernesto Bautista III, were named as defendants in a purported class-action lawsuit filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The suit alleged violations of the Federal securities laws arising from statements concerning the Company’s business operations and business prospects that were made between October 27, 2011 and January 26, 2012, and requests unspecified damages and costs. While the lawsuit is in its preliminary stages, the Company does not believe it has merit, and plans to vigorously contest and defend against it.Additionally, from time to time, the Company is the subject of legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. The Company does not believe that any of these proceedings will have a material effect on its business or its results of operations.The Company cannot predict the ultimate outcome or duration of any lawsuit described in this report.89393 1/13/2012 2/10/2012LitigationFrom time to time, in the normal course of its operations, the Company is a party to litigation matters and claims, including claims relating to employee relations, business practices and patent infringement. Litigation can be expensive and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict and the Company’s view of these matters may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold. The Company expenses legal fees as incurred. The Company records a provision for contingent losses when it is both probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. An unfavorable outcome to any legal matter, if material, could have an adverse effect on the Company’s operations or its financial position, liquidity or results of operations.On January 27, 2012, a purported shareholder class action suit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. The complaint alleges that the Company issued materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s business practices and its contracts with content providers, which lead to artificially inflated stock prices. The complaint alleges violation of the federal securities laws and seeks unspecified compensatory damages and other relief. A second suit was filed on January 27, 2012, alleging virtually identical claims. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable.On November 23, 2011, a purported shareholder derivative suit was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against the Company and certain of its officers and directors. The complaint alleges, among other claims, that the Company’s officers and members of its Board of Directors breached their fiduciary duties, wasted valuable corporate assets, and were unjustly enriched as a result of causing the Company to buy back stock at artificially inflated prices to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders. The complaint seeks unspecified compensatory damages and other relief. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable.In January through April of 2009, a number of purported anti-trust class action suits were filed against the Company in various United States Federal Courts. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Walmart.com USA LLC (collectively, Wal-Mart) were also named as defendants in these suits. These cases have been consolidated in the Northern District of California and have been assigned the multidistrict litigation number MDL-2029. A number of substantially similar suits were filed in California State Courts, and have been consolidated in Santa Clara County. The plaintiffs, who are current or former Netflix customers, generally alleged that Netflix and Wal-Mart entered into an agreement to divide the markets for sales and online rentals of DVDs in the United States, which resulted in higher Netflix subscription prices. A number of other cases had been filed in Federal and State courts by current or former subscribers to the online DVD rental service offered by Blockbuster Inc., alleging injury arising from similar facts. These cases have been related to MDL 2029 or, in the case of the California State cases, coordinated with the cases in Santa Clara County. The complaint(s) sought unspecified compensatory and enhanced damages, interest, costs and fees and other equitable relief. On November 22, 2011, the court granted the Company’s motion for summary judgment. On December 22, 2011, plaintiff appealed the summary judgment ruling. Management has determined a potential loss is reasonably possible; however, based on its current knowledge, management does not believe that the amount of such possible loss or a range of potential loss is reasonably estimable.The Company is involved in other litigation matters not listed above but does not consider the matters to be material either individually or in the aggregate at this time. The Company’s view of the matters not listed may change in the future as the litigation and events related thereto unfold.12051 12/5/2011 12/7/2011Item 8.01 Other Events.On December 5, 2011, IntraLinks Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) became aware of a purported class action lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and certain of its executive officers.  The complaint alleges that the defendants made false and misleading statements and/or omissions in violation of Sections 10(b) and 20(a) and Rule 10b-5 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The plaintiff seeks unspecified compensatory damages for the purported class of purchasers of Company common stock during the period from February 17, 2011 through November 10, 2011.  The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to defend this lawsuit vigorously.12051 12/5/2011 1/3/2012Item 8.01 Other Events.On December 27, 2011, a purported class action lawsuit was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against IntraLinks Holdings, Inc. (the “Company”) and certain of its executive officers.  The complaint, which alleges that the defendants made false and misleading statements during the period from February 17, 2011 through November 10, 2011 (the “Allegation Period”) in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, makes substantially the same claims as, and is related to, the purported class action lawsuit previously disclosed on the Company’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 7, 2011, which is incorporated herein by reference. The Company expects that the court will consolidate or coordinate the two class actions, along with any other similar class actions filed, and will appoint a lead plaintiff and lead counsel pursuant to the provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.  The Company anticipates that the lead plaintiff will then file a consolidated and amended class action complaint.Also, on December 28, 2011, a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York against the Company and certain of its current and former directors.  The complaint alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by causing the Company to issue materially false and misleading statements about the Company’s business prospects, financial condition and performance during the Allegation Period.The Company believes these claims are without merit and intends to defend these lawsuits vigorously.86249 10/24/2011 11/9/2012SUBSEQUENT EVENTSOn October 24, 2011, a class action complaint entitled Steamfitters Local 449 Pension Fund vs. Central European Distribution Corporation, et al. was filed on behalf of a putative class of all purchasers of our common stock from August 5, 2010 through February 28, 2011 against us and certain of our officers, alleging violations of federal securities law in connection with alleged materially false and misleading statements and/or omissions regarding our business, financial results and prospects in our public statements and public filings with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission for the second and third quarters of 2010, relating to declines in our vodka portfolio, our need to take an impairment charge relating to the deterioration in fair value of certain of our brands in Poland and negative financial results from the launch of ?ubrówka Bia?a, a new vodka product. The complaint seeks unspecified money damages. We believe the allegations are without merit and intend to vigorously defend ourselves, therefore no provision for any potential liability in this respect has been recorded as of September 30, 2011.93433 8/12/2011 8/15/2011Item 1. Legal ProceedingsOn August 12, 2011, Joe Callan filed a putative securities class action complaint in the U.S. District Court, Western District of Washington at Seattle on behalf of all persons who purchased or otherwise acquired common stock of Motricity between June 18, 2010 and August 9, 2011 or in our IPO. The defendants in the case are Motricity, certain of our current and former directors and officers, including Ryan K. Wuerch, James R. Smith, Jr., Allyn P. Hebner, James N. Ryan, Jeffrey A. Bowden, Hunter C. Gary, Brett Icahn, Lady Barbara Judge CBE, Suzanne H. King, Brian V. Turner; and the underwriters in our IPO, including J.P. Morgan Securities, Inc., Goldman, Sachs & Co., Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., RBC Capital Markets Corporation, Robert W. Baird & Co Incorporated, Needham & Company, LLC and Pacific Crest Securities LLC. As of this date, we have not been served with the complaint. The complaint alleges violations under Sections 11 and 15 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by all defendants and under Sections 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by Motricity and those of our former and current officers who are named as defendants. The complaint seeks, inter alia, damages, including interest and plaintiff’s costs and rescission. We intend to vigorously defend against these claims. As this matter is at a very early stage, at this time, we are not able to predict the probability of the outcome or estimate of loss, if any, related to this matter.From time to time, the Company is involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of the normal course of business, none of which are material to the Company’s financial results or condition.89941 8/9/2011 8/12/2011Travelzoo Considers Class Action Suit to be Without Merit2011-08-12 21:10:35 UTCNEW YORK, Aug. 12, 2011 /PRNewswire/ -- Travelzoo Inc. (Nasdaq: TZOO), a global Internet media company, today announced that a purported class action has been filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York against the company and certain of its officers and directors. The complaint alleges violations of federal securities laws, and claims that the company has issued false and misleading information concerning the company's business and prospects. The action seeks unspecified damages on behalf of persons who purchased the company's shares during a recent period.The company stated that it strongly believes the case is completely without merit. Chris Loughlin, Travelzoo's chief executive officer, commented: "We believe that our disclosures have been accurate and fully compliant with the company's obligations under securities laws and under the rules of NASDAQ. As is the case with many meritless securities class action claims, the filing of this action follows a decline in Travelzoo's share price, in a period of continued volatility in the share price. We intend to vigorously defend against these meritless claims."90914 8/2/2011 8/9/2011Legal ProceedingsInvestigations by United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina and the SECAs previously disclosed, the United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina conducted an investigation of HLTH, which HLTH first learned about on September 3, 2003. The investigation related principally to issues of financial accounting improprieties relating to Medical Manager Corporation, a predecessor of HLTH (by its merger into HLTH in September 2000), and, more specifically, HLTH’s former Medical Manager Health Systems, Inc. subsidiary. Medical Manager Health Systems was a predecessor to Emdeon Practice Services, Inc. (“EPS”), a subsidiary that HLTH sold to Sage Software in September 2006 (the “EPS Sale”). HLTH and the Company have fully cooperated with the U.S. Attorney’s Office. As previously reported, the Board of Directors of HLTH formed a special committee consisting solely of independent directors to oversee this matter with the sole authority to direct HLTH’s response to the allegations that have been raised and that special committee was continued as a committee of the Board of Directors of the Company from the Merger until May 2011. As previously disclosed, the Company understands that the SEC also conducted a formal investigation into this matter. In connection with the EPS Sale, HLTH retained responsibility for liabilities relating to this matter and the Company assumed that obligation in the Merger.The United States Attorney for the District of South Carolina announced on January 10, 2005 that three former employees of Medical Manager Health Systems each had agreed to plead guilty to one count of mail fraud and that one such employee had agreed to plead guilty to one count of tax evasion for acts committed while they were employed by Medical Manager Health Systems. According to the Informations, Plea Agreements and Factual Summaries filed by the United States Attorney in, and available from, the District Court of the United States for the District of South Carolina — Beaufort Division, on January 7, 2005, the three former employees and other then unnamed co-schemers were engaged in schemes between 1997 and 2002 that included causing companies acquired by Medical Manager Health Systems to pay the former vice president in charge of acquisitions and co-schemers kickbacks which were funded through increases in the purchase price paid by Medical Manager Health Systems to the acquired companies and that included fraudulent accounting practices to artificially inflate the quarterly revenues and earnings of Medical Manager Health Systems when it was an independent public company called Medical Manager Corporation from 1997 through 1999, when and after it was acquired by Synetic, Inc. in July 1999, and when and after it became a subsidiary of HLTH in September 2000. A fourth former officer of Medical Manager Health Systems pled guilty to similar activities later in 2005.On December 15, 2005, the United States Attorney announced indictments of ten former officers and employees of Medical Manager Health Systems including Michael A. Singer, a former Chief Executive Officer of Medical Manager Health Systems and a former director of HLTH, who was last employed by HLTH as its Executive Vice President, Physician Software Strategies until February 2005, John H. Kang, a former President of Medical Manager Health Systems, who was employed until May 2001, and John P. Sessions, a former President and Chief Operating Officer of Medical Manager Health Systems, who was employed until September 2003. The indictment initially charged the defendants with conspiracy to commit mail, wire and securities fraud, a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 371 and conspiracy to commit money laundering, a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 1956(h) but the second count was dismissed in 2009. The allegations set forth in the indictment describe activities that are substantially similar to those described above with respect to the January 2005 plea agreements. One of the defendants passed away in 2008 and was dismissed from the indictment. Four of the defendants were dismissed from the case and two defendants were severed from the case and their cases were transferred to Tampa, Florida. In addition, Mr. Singer has entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the United States pursuant to which all charges were dismissed against Mr. Singer on July 26, 2010. The trial of John Kang and John Sessions, former officers of Medical Manager Health Systems, began on January 19, 2010 and on March 1, 2010 both men were found guilty by the jury; however, the Court set the verdict aside on May 27, 2010 and entered a judgment of acquittal. The government entered a notice of appeal with respect to the Court’s order. On January 19, 2011, the Court granted the motion of Messrs. Kang and Sessions for a new trial in the event that the government’s appeal of the Court’s ruling to set aside the verdict is successful. The trial of the remaining two defendants was scheduled to begin on October 4, 2010; however, on July 9, 2010, the Court in Tampa placed the case against those defendants on hold pending resolution of the appeal of the South Carolina ruling. On June 8, 2011, upon the motion of the government, the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit dismissed the government’s appeal of the District Court’s rulings, thereby ending the government’s case against Messrs. Kang and Sessions. On July 8, 2011, upon the motion of the government, the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida granted a motion to dismiss the government’s case against the remaining two defendants in Florida. As a result of these two dismissals, it is the Company’s understanding that the government’s investigation into this matter has concluded.The Company has not uncovered information that it believes would require a restatement for any of the years covered by HLTH’s financial statements. In addition, the Company believes that the amounts of the kickback payments referred to in the court documents have already been reflected in the financial statements of HLTH to the extent required.HLTH had (and the Company has assumed in the Merger) certain indemnity obligations to advance amounts for reasonable defense costs for the former officers and directors of EPS. See Note 2 for a more detailed discussion regarding these indemnification obligations.Directors & Officers Liability Insurance Coverage Litigation On July 23, 2007, HLTH commenced litigation (the “Coverage Litigation”) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in and for New Castle County against ten insurance companies in which HLTH was seeking to compel the defendant companies (collectively, the “Defendants”) to honor their obligations under certain directors and officers liability insurance policies (the “Policies”). WebMD succeeded to HLTH as plaintiff in this action as a result of the Merger. HLTH was seeking an order requiring the Defendants to advance and/or reimburse expenses that HLTH had incurred and expected to continue to incur for the EPS Indemnification Obligations, which are described in Note 2. Pursuant to a stipulation among the parties, the Coverage Litigation was transferred on September 13, 2007 to the Superior Court of the State of Delaware in and for New Castle County. The Policies were issued to HLTH and to EPS, which is a co-plaintiff with the Company in the Coverage Litigation (collectively, the “Plaintiffs”). When EPS was sold in September 2006 to Sage Software, HLTH retained responsibility for the EPS Indemnification Obligations and the Company assumed the EPS Indemnification Obligations as a result of the Merger. HLTH retained (and the Company succeeded to as a result of the Merger) the right to assert claims and recover proceeds under the Policies. Prior to the filing of the Second Amended Complaint which is discussed below, the Policies at issue in the Coverage Litigation consisted of two separate groups of insurance policies. Each group of policies consists of several layers of coverage, with different insurers having agreed to provide specified amounts of coverage at various levels. The first group of policies was issued to EPS in the amount of $20,000 (the “EPS Policies”) and the second group of policies was issued to Synetic, Inc. (the former parent of EPS, which merged into HLTH) in the amount of $100,000, of which approximately $3,600 was paid by the primary carrier with respect to another unrelated matter (the “Synetic Policies”). The carrier with the third level of coverage in the Synetic Policies filed a motion for summary judgment in the Coverage Litigation, which most of the carriers who have issued the Synetic Policies joined, which sought summary judgment that any liability to pay defense costs should be allocated among the three sets of policies available to the Company (including the policies with respect to which the Coverage Litigation relates and a third set of policies the issuers of which had not yet been named by the Company) such that the Synetic Policies would only be liable to pay about $23,000 of the $96,400 total coverage available under such policies. HLTH filed its opposition to the motion together with its motion for summary judgment against such carrier and several other carriers who have issued the Synetic Policies seeking to require such carriers to advance payment of the defense costs that the Company is obligated to pay while the Coverage Litigation is pending. On July 31, 2008, the Superior Court for the State of Delaware denied the motion filed by the carriers seeking allocation and granted HLTH’s motion for partial summary judgment to enforce the duty of such carriers to advance and reimburse these costs. Pursuant to the Court’s order, the issuers of the Synetic Policies began reimbursing the Company for its costs as described below. On September 9, 2008 and February 4, 2009, respectively, the eighth and ninth level carriers of the Synetic Policies notified HLTH that they believed that they were not bound by the Court’s July 31, 2008 order regarding the duty of the Synetic carriers to advance and reimburse defense costs. This resulted in HLTH making a motion to the Court on February 23, 2009 to require such eighth and ninth level carriers to advance and reimburse defense costs. HLTH later settled with the eighth level carrier. Under the terms of the settlement such carrier has paid, in full and final settlement, an agreed-upon percentage of the policy amount against each payment of defense costs made by the Company as such policy was implicated. On April 15, 2009, the ninth level carrier made a cross-motion for summary judgment claiming that, in light of a policy endorsement applicable only to the ninth level carrier, because of the time period during which the conspiracy charged in the Second Superseding Indictment is alleged to have taken place, the Synetic Policy issued by such carrier does not cover the EPS Indemnification Obligations. HLTH believed that such carrier’s motion was without merit and responded to the motion. On July 15, 2009, the Court granted summary judgment in favor of the ninth level carrier. Accordingly, the ninth level carrier was not liable to pay any portion of the $10,000 total coverage of its policy with respect to the EPS Indemnification Obligations. As of June 30, 2011, $84,200 has been paid by insurance companies representing the EPS Policies and the Synetic Policies through a combination of payment under the terms of the Policies, payment under reservation of rights or through settlement. Of this amount, $62,800 represents the portion received through settlement. On November 17, 2008, HLTH filed a Second Amended Complaint which added four new insurance companies as defendants in the Coverage Action. These carriers are the issuers of a third set of policies (the “Emdeon Policies”) that provide coverage with respect to the EPS Indemnification Obligations. All but one of the carriers who issued the Emdeon Policies moved for summary judgment asserting that exclusions in the Emdeon Policies preclude coverage for the EPS Indemnification Obligations and HLTH filed motions seeking to compel such carriers to advance the costs incurred by HLTH with respect to the EPS Indemnification Obligations. On August 31, 2009, the Court issued two opinions. In the first opinion, the Court granted summary judgment in favor of HLTH with respect to one of the exclusions asserted by the carriers who issued the Emdeon Policies. In the second opinion, the Court granted summary judgment in favor of the carriers with respect to the other exclusion asserted by such carriers. The Company and the carriers who issued the Emdeon Policies (with the exception of the second level carrier with whom the Company has settled) each appealed the trial Court’s August 31, 2009 rulings to the Supreme Court of Delaware and, on April 22, 2010, the Supreme Court decided both appeals in favor of the carriers who issued the Emdeon Policies. The implication of this decision was that the Company had effectively exhausted its insurance coverage with respect to the EPS Indemnification Obligations. The insurance carriers had also asserted that the Company’s insurance policies provided that, under certain circumstances, amounts advanced by the insurance companies in connection with the EPS Indemnification Obligations would have to have been repaid to the insurance carriers by the Company, although the amounts that the Company received in settlement from certain carriers were not subject to being repaid. As discussed more fully in Note 2 above, as a result of the manner in which the Investigation ended, the Company believes that the insurance carriers do not have the ability to recover any amounts they have previously advanced. In addition to the Coverage Litigation, on December 22, 2009, TIG Specialty Insurance Company (“TIG”), the second level issuer of the EPS Policies, commenced an action against the Company to recover the $5,000 that TIG advanced to the Company in 2006. The Company and TIG settled the matter in 2010. Roger H. Kaye and Roger H. Kaye, MD PC v. WebMD, LLC, et al.In December 2009, a lawsuit was filed by Dr. Roger H. Kaye (and Roger H. Kaye MD PC) individually, and as an alleged class action, under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act (the “TCPA”) and under a similar Connecticut statute, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Connecticut against subsidiaries of the Company. The lawsuit claims that faxes allegedly sent during the period from August 1, 2006 to April 21, 2010 by subsidiaries of the Company and by The Little Blue Book business that the Company sold in September 2009 were sent in violation of the TCPA and the Connecticut statute. With respect to the TCPA claims, the lawsuit seeks statutory damages in excess of $5,000 for each of two classes of plaintiffs, and a trebling of those damages. With respect to the claims under the Connecticut statute, under which trebling is unavailable, the lawsuit additionally seeks an undetermined amount of damages. In April 2010, Plaintiffs filed an amended complaint making substantially the same claims as were asserted in the original complaint. The Company’s subsidiaries have filed their answer as well as a motion to dismiss the action with prejudice on the grounds that the Court lacks subject matter jurisdiction and also filed a motion to stay discovery, which was granted pending resolution of the motion to dismiss. On July 8, 2010, the Court denied the motion to dismiss and ordered that class-related discovery should proceed, while continuing a stay of full merits discovery. On December 9, 2010, the parties entered into an agreement to settle the matter (the “Settlement”) subject to Court approval and, on May 1, 2011, the Court entered a final order approving the Settlement and dismissing the lawsuit. On December 7, 2010, the Company entered into an agreement with its insurance carriers pursuant to which the Company’s insurance carriers agreed to pay all amounts payable under the Settlement, subject to the Company’s payment of $332 which was the amount remaining under the Company’s insurance deductible. The Company paid the $332 in December 2010 and such amount was included in the consolidated statements of operations during the year ended December 31, 2010. Daniel Rodimer, et.al., on behalf of themselves and all others similarly situated v. Apple, Inc., et. al. On February 17, 2011, the Company was served with a complaint in this lawsuit, which is pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California. The Plaintiffs are seeking to have the case certified as a class action. The complaint alleges that Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) and several other defendants, including one or more subsidiaries of the Company, have violated several Federal and California statutes and are also liable under various common law claims in connection with the distribution of software applications for mobile devices through Apple’s iTunes store. The Federal Statutes that are alleged to have been violated are the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, 18 U.S.C. § 1030; and the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, 18 U.S.C. § 2510. The complaint seeks injunctive relief as well as damages in unspecified amounts. On April 20, 2011, Plaintiffs and the Company signed an agreement tolling the statutes of limitations applicable to Plaintiffs’ alleged claims against the Company. On April 21, 2011, Plaintiffs filed a first consolidated class action complaint that did not name the Company as a party. Pursuant to the terms of the tolling agreement, Plaintiffs dismissed the Company from the case without prejudice, with each party bearing its own costs, and with the reservation of the right to name the Company as party at a subsequent time, subject to any substantive defenses available to the Company. The tolling agreement may be terminated by either party upon 30 days’ written notice.Myron and Sandy Canson v. WebMD Health Corp., et al.On August 2, 2011, a class action lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between February 23, 2011 and July 15, 2011. The complaint alleges that the Company and certain of its officers made false and misleading statements in violation of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The complaint seeks unspecified damages and attorneys’ fees. The Company believes the lawsuit is without merit and intends to vigorously defend against it. The Company is unable to predict the outcome of this matter or to reasonably estimate the possible loss or range of loss, if any, arising from the claim.Other Legal ProceedingsIn the normal course of business, the Company and its subsidiaries are involved in various claims and legal proceedings. While the ultimate resolution of certain of these matters, including certain of those discussed in Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in the Company’s 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K, has yet to be determined, the Company does not believe that their outcomes will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity.91455 7/21/2011 8/3/2011Securities Class ActionOn July 21, 2011, a proposed shareholder class action lawsuit was filed against Mindray Medical International Limited (the “Company”) and certain of its officers and directors in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint alleges that between January 11, 2010, and August 9, 2010, the Company made a series of materially false and misleading statements or omissions about its business, operations, and prospects in violation of Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder. The complaint seeks a declaration that the action is a proper class action; damages to class members with interest; and litigation costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and experts’ fees. The Company anticipates that similar proposed class action lawsuits may be filed and will be consolidated with this action. The Company and the named individuals intend to vigorously defend against the claims.21178 7/20/2011 7/27/2011Legal ProceedingsOn July 20, 2011, the City of Pontiac General Employees Retirement System filed a class action lawsuit against us and two of our executive officers (Robert J. Stevens, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Bruce L. Tanner, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. The complaint, filed on behalf of purchasers of our common stock from April 21, 2009 through July 21, 2009, alleges that we violated certain sections of the federal securities laws (including Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) by allegedly making statements, primarily about the then-expected performance of our IS&GS business segment, that contained either false statements of material facts or omitted material facts necessary to make the statements made not misleading, or engaged in other acts that operated as an alleged fraud upon class members who purchased our common stock during that period. The complaint further alleges that the statutory safe harbor provided for forward-looking statements does not apply to any of the allegedly false statements. The complaint does not allege a specific amount of monetary damages. We believe that the allegations are without merit and intend to defend against the action and any related actions that may be filed.On June 24, 2009, the U.K. Ministry of Defence (MoD) sent us a letter alleging that we were in default on the “Soothsayer” contract under which we were providing electronic warfare equipment to the British military. The total value of the contract is UK £144 million, of which UK £39 million has been paid to date (representing approximately US $230 million and US $62 million, based on the exchange rate as of June 26, 2011). The MoD has demanded repayment of amounts paid under the contract, liquidated damages of UK £2 million (representing approximately US $3 million based on the exchange rate as of June 26, 2011), and interest on those amounts, and has reserved the right to collect any excess future re-procurement costs. We dispute the MoD’s position. We have commenced an arbitration proceeding against the MoD pursuant to the contract terms and are seeking damages for wrongful termination of the contract.On April 24, 2009, we filed a declaratory judgment action against the N.Y. Metropolitan Transportation Authority and its Capital Construction Company (collectively, the MTA) asking the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of N.Y. to find that the MTA is in material breach of our agreement based on the MTA’s failure to provide access to sites where work must be performed and customer-furnished equipment necessary to complete the contract. The contract has a total value of $323 million, of which $241 million has been paid to date. The MTA filed an answer and counterclaim alleging that we breached the contract, and subsequently terminated the contract for alleged default. The MTA is seeking monetary damages and other relief under the contract, including the cost to complete the contract and potential re-procurement costs. We dispute the MTA’s allegations and are defending against them. Discovery is proceeding in the action.On November 30, 2007, the Department of Justice (DoJ) filed a complaint in partial intervention in a lawsuit filed under the qui tam provisions of the Civil False Claims Act in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas, United States ex rel. Becker and Spencer v. Lockheed Martin Corporation et al., alleging that we should have known that a subcontractor falsified and inflated invoices submitted to us that were passed through to the government. The DoJ is seeking approximately $80 million in damages, including interest but excluding potential penalties under the False Claims Act. We dispute the allegations and are defending against them.On September 11, 2006, we and Lockheed Martin Investment Management Company (LMIMCo), a subsidiary, were named as defendants in a lawsuit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, seeking to represent a class of purportedly similarly situated participants and beneficiaries in two of our 401(k) plans. Plaintiffs allege that we or LMIMCo caused our plans to pay expenses that were higher than reasonable by, among other actions, permitting service providers of the plans to engage in revenue sharing, paying investment management fees for the company stock funds, and causing the company stock funds to hold cash for liquidity, thus reducing the return on those funds. The plaintiffs also allege that we failed to disclose information appropriately relating to the fees associated with managing the plans. In August 2008, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, adding allegations that we breached fiduciary duties under ERISA by providing inadequate disclosures with respect to the Stable Value Fund offered under our 401(k) plans. The complaint does not allege a specific calculation of damages, and we cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss, or range of loss, which could be incurred if the plaintiffs were to prevail in the allegations, but believe that we have substantial defenses. We dispute the allegations and are defending against them. On March 31, 2009, the Judge dismissed a number of the plaintiffs’ claims, leaving three claims for trial, specifically the plaintiffs’ claims involving the company stock funds, the Stable Value Fund, and overall fees. The Court also granted class certification on two of the plaintiffs’ claims. We appealed the class certification. On March 15, 2011, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit vacated the Court’s class certification. The case has been remanded to the District Court.On August 28, 2003, the DoJ filed complaints in partial intervention in two lawsuits filed under the qui tam provisions of the Civil False Claims Act in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, United States ex rel. Natural Resources Defense Council, et al., v. Lockheed Martin Corporation, et al., and United States ex rel. John D. Tillson v. Lockheed Martin Energy Systems, Inc., et al. The DoJ alleges that we committed violations of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act at the Paducah Gaseous Diffusion Plant by not properly handling, storing, and transporting hazardous waste and that we violated the False Claims Act by misleading Department of Energy officials and state regulators about the nature and extent of environmental noncompliance at the plant. The complaint does not allege a specific calculation of damages, and we cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss, or range of loss, which could be incurred if the plaintiff were to prevail in the allegations, but believe that we have substantial defenses. We dispute the allegations and are defending against them.As described in the “Environmental Matters” discussion below, we are subject to federal and state requirements for protection of the environment, including those for discharge of hazardous materials and remediation of contaminated sites. As a result, we are a party to or have property subject to various other lawsuits or proceedings involving environmental matters and remediation obligations. This includes the litigation we have been in with certain residents of Redlands, California since 1997 before the California Superior Court for San Bernardino County regarding allegations of personal injury, property damage, and other tort claims on behalf of individuals arising from our alleged contribution to regional groundwater contamination. In 2006, the California Court of Appeal dismissed the plaintiffs’ punitive damages claim. In 2008, the trial court dismissed the remaining first tier plaintiffs, ending the first round of individual trials. The dismissal was affirmed by both the California Court of Appeal and the California Supreme Court. The trial court has now established the procedures for the litigation of the next round of individual plaintiffs, and pre-trial proceedings are now underway. The complaint does not allege a specific calculation of damages, and we cannot reasonably estimate the possible loss, or range of loss, which could be incurred if the plaintiffs were to prevail in the allegations, but believe that we have substantial defenses. We dispute the allegations and are defending against them.78073 7/19/2011 8/9/2011Note H. Legal MattersFrom time to time, the Company is a party to routine litigation and proceedings in the ordinary course of business.  Except as described below, the Company is not aware of any current or pending litigation in which the Company is or may be a party that it believes could materially adversely affect the results of operations or financial condition.The Company is party to various claims and suits pending for alleged damages to persons and property, alleged violations of certain laws and alleged liabilities arising out of matters occurring during the normal operation of its business.In accordance with ASC 450-20, the Company accrues for legal proceedings when losses become probable and reasonably estimable. As of the end of each applicable reporting period, the Company reviews each of its legal proceedings to determine whether it is probable, reasonably possible or remote that a liability has been incurred and, if it is at least reasonably possible, whether a range of loss can be reasonably estimated under the provisions of ASC 450-20-25-2. In instances where the Company determines that a loss is probable and the Company can reasonably estimate a range of losses the Company may incur with respect to such a matter, the Company records an accrual for the amount within the range that constitutes its best estimate of the possible loss. If the Company is able to reasonably estimate a range but no amount within the range appears to be a better estimate than any other, the Company records an accrual in the amount that is the low end of such range. When a loss is reasonably possible but not probable, the Company will not record an accrual but will disclose its estimate of the possible range of loss where such estimate can be made in accordance with ASC 450-20-25-3. As of June 30, 2011, there were no accruals established related to the Company’s outstanding legal proceedings.The Company offers no prediction of the outcome of any of the proceedings or negotiations described below. The Company is vigorously defending each of these lawsuits and claims. However, there can be no guarantee the Company will prevail or that any judgments against it, if sustained on appeal, will not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.FuelCell Arbitration.  On February 17, 2011, FuelCell Energy, Inc. (“FuelCell Energy”) filed a Demand for Arbitration with the American Arbitration Association seeking recovery of damages related to allegedly defective transformers that the Company procured for them.  In its Demand for Arbitration, FuelCell Energy asserts that it is entitled to recovery of approximately $2.8 million from the Company.  The Company vigorously denies the allegation that the transformers were defective, and has filed a counterclaim seeking recovery of amounts due to it from FuelCell Energy for materials and engineering services that the Company supplied to them totaling approximately $1.4 million.  This matter has been submitted to binding arbitration for resolution.  Because the arbitration is at an early stage, the Company has not determined a loss is probable.Class Action Litigation.  In July 2011, two purported securities class action complaints were filed against us, our Chief Executive Officer and our former Chief Financial Officer by the following plaintiffs, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, in the U.S. District Court, District of Massachusetts: Allan Edwards (filed July 19, 2011) and Larry Ziegler (filed July 21, 2011).  The virtually identical complaints are purportedly brought on behalf of persons who acquired our common stock during the period of March 4, 2010, through July 5, 2011, and allege claims against all defendants for violations under Section 10(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 thereunder, as well as claims against the individual defendants for violations of Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act.  Putative plaintiffs claim that the defendants caused our common stock to trade at artificially inflated prices through false and misleading statements and/or omissions related to our business.  The complaints seek compensatory damages for all damages sustained as a result of the defendants’ actions, including reasonable costs and expenses, and other relief as the court may deem just and proper.  The Company believe these allegations are baseless and the Company intends to defend against them vigorously. Shareholder Derivative Litigation.  On August 2, 2011, a shareholder derivative action was brought by plaintiff purportedly on behalf of our company against several of our senior officers and directors, in the U.S. District Court, District of Massachusetts.  The complaint alleges that the officer and director defendants breached their fiduciary duties by providing allegedly misleading and inaccurate information regarding our business.  The shareholder derivative action generally seeks compensatory damages for all alleged losses sustained as a result of the individual defendants’ actions, including reasonable costs and expenses, and other relief as the court may deem just and proper.  The Company believe that these allegations are baseless and the Company intends to defend against them vigorously.86745 5/26/2011 5/27/2011Research In Motion Says Purported Class Action Lawsuit is Without MeritWaterloo, ON - Research In Motion Limited ("RIM") (Nasdaq: RIMM; TSX: RIM) today confirmed it intends to vigorously defend against a purported class action lawsuit filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The lawsuit alleges that during the period from December 16, 2010 through April 28, 2011, the Company and certain of its officers made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s financial condition and business prospects, and seeks unspecified damages on behalf of an alleged class of purchasers of the Company’s common shares during this period. RIM believes that the allegations are without merit.86745 5/26/2011 6/20/2011Legal ProceedingsThe Company is involved in litigation in the normal course of its business, both as a defendant and as a plaintiff. The Company may be subject to claims (including claims related to patent infringement, purported class actions and derivative actions) either directly or through indemnities against these claims that it provides to certain of its partners. In particular, the industry in which the Company competes has many participants that own, or claim to own, intellectual property, including participants that have been issued patents and may have filed patent applications or may obtain additional patents and proprietary rights for technologies similar to those used by the Company in its products. The Company has received, and may receive in the future, assertions and claims from third parties that the Company’s products infringe on their patents or other intellectual property rights. Litigation has been and will likely continue to be necessary to determine the scope, enforceability and validity of third-party proprietary rights or to establish the Company’s proprietary rights. Regardless of whether claims that the Company is infringing patents or other intellectual property rights have any merit, those claims could be time-consuming to evaluate and defend, result in costly litigation, divert management’s attention and resources, subject the Company to significant liabilities and could have the other effects that are described in greater detail under “Risk Factors — Risks Related to Intellectual Property” in RIM’s Annual Information Form, which is included in RIM’s Annual Report on Form 40-F.Management reviews all of the relevant facts for each claim and applies judgment in evaluating the likelihood and, if applicable, the amount of any potential loss. Where it is considered likely for a material exposure to result and where the amount of the claim is quantifiable, provisions for loss are made based on management’s assessment of the likely outcome. The Company does not provide for claims that are considered unlikely to result in a significant loss, claims for which the outcome is not determinable or claims where the amount of the loss cannot be reasonably estimated. Any settlements or awards under such claims are provided for when reasonably determinable.A description of certain of the Company’s legal proceedings is included in RIM’s Annual Information Form under “Legal Proceedings and Regulatory Actions”. The following is a summary of developments since March 29, 2011, the date of RIM’s Annual Information Form, and should be read in conjunction with the more detailed information contained in RIM’s Annual Information Form.On March 7, 2008, FlashPoint Technology Inc. (“FlashPoint”) filed a patent infringement lawsuit against the Company and 14 other defendants in the District of Delaware. The patents-in-suit include United States (“U.S.”) Patent Nos. 6,118,480, 6,177,956, 6,222,538, 6,223,190 (the “‘190 Patent”), 6,249,316, 6,486,914 and 6,504,575. These patents are generally directed to digital camera and imaging technologies. On May 31, 2008, FlashPoint dismissed its complaint as to 6 of the 7 patents-in-suit, leaving only the ‘190 Patent in the litigation against RIM. On February 6, 2009, FlashPoint filed an amended complaint adding Patent Nos. 5,903,309, 6,278,447 (the “‘447 Patent”) and 6,400,471 (the “‘471 Patent”). Only the ‘447 Patent and the ‘471 Patent were asserted against RIM. The complaint sought an injunction and monetary damages. On December 17, 2009, the Court stayed the entire litigation pending completion of all re-examinations of the patents-in-suit.On May 13, 2010, FlashPoint filed a complaint with the U.S. International Trade Commission (“ITC”) against the Company, as well as three other defendants, alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,134,606; 6,163,816; and 6,262,769. These patents are generally directed to digital camera and imaging technologies. The ITC set the trial for April 7-13, 2011. The initial determination was expected to be provided on July 13, 2011 and the target date for completion of the investigation was November 14, 2011. The Company and FlashPoint settled all outstanding litigation on March 30, 2011 for an amount immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements.On November 20, 2008, the Company filed a lawsuit for declaratory judgment of non-infringement, invalidity and unenforceability against four Eastman Kodak (“Kodak”) patents in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Dallas Division). The patents-in-suit include U.S. Patent Nos. 5,493,335, 6,292,218 (“the ‘218 Patent”) and 6,600,510 (“the ‘510 Patent”) which are generally directed to digital camera technologies and U.S. Patent No. 5,226,161 which is directed to data sharing in applications. Kodak counterclaimed for infringement of these same patents seeking an injunction and monetary damages. The claim construction hearing was held on March 23, 2010. On July 23, 2010, Kodak dismissed the ‘510 Patent from the case without prejudice. The court set an initial trial date in December 2010. The court also ordered mediation to seek to settle the case. Mediation was unsuccessful and on November 29, 2010 the court reset the trial date for August 1, 2011. Proceedings are ongoing.On January 14, 2010, Kodak filed a complaint with the ITC against the Company and Apple Inc. alleging infringement of the ‘218 Patent and requesting the ITC to issue orders prohibiting certain RIM products from being imported into the U.S. and sold in the U.S. On February 23, 2010, the ITC published a Notice of Investigation in the Federal Register. The administrative law judge (“ALJ”) set a trial date of September 1, 2010 and a target date for completion of the investigation by the ITC of May 23, 2011. A claim construction hearing was held on May 24-25, 2010. The Chief Judge issued his claim construction order as an Initial Determination on June 22, 2010. In accordance with the ALJ’s ruling, the trial was held and lasted for six days. On January 24, 2011, the ALJ ruled that RIM’s smartphones do not infringe the ‘218 Patent and that the only asserted claim is invalid as obvious. Kodak and the ITC Staff separately petitioned for Commission review on February 7, 2011. The Company also filed a contingent petition for review on February 7, 2011. The petitions for review filed by Kodak, the ITC Staff and the Company were granted on March 25, 2011. The Commission delayed the target date for completion of the investigation by the ITC. The new target date is June 23, 2011. Proceedings are ongoing.On May 5, 2009, Fractus, S.A. (“Fractus”) filed a lawsuit against the Company and eight other defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of nine patents (U.S. Patent Nos. 7,015,868; 7,123,208; 7,148,850; 7,202,822; 7,312,762; 7,394,432; 7,397,431; 7,411,556; and 7,528,782). These patents generally relate to antennae technology. The complaint sought an injunction and monetary damages. The Court issued a claim construction order on November 9, 2010. The Company and Fractus settled on April 6, 2011 for an amount immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements.On August 21, 2009, Xpoint Technologies (“Xpoint”) filed a lawsuit against the Company and twenty-eight other defendants, in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware alleging infringement of U.S. Patent No. 5,913,028. The patent is generally directed to data traffic delivery. The complaint sought an injunction and monetary damages. The Company and Xpoint settled on April 4, 2011 for an amount immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements.On September 23, 2009, SimpleAir, Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company and ten other defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas alleging infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,021,433; 7,035,914; 6,735,614; and 6,167,426. The patents are generally directed to the generation, processing and/or delivery of content, notifications and updates for computing devices. The complaint seeks an injunction and monetary damages. The claim construction hearing is scheduled for June 15, 2011, and the trial is scheduled to begin on December 5, 2011. On June 3, 2011, the Court reset the Markman Hearing for June 17, 2011. Proceedings are ongoing.On September 2, 2010, Innovative Sonic Limited filed suit against the Company in the U.S. District Court for Eastern District of Texas (Tyler Division) asserting infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,925,183; RE 40,077; and 7,436,795. The patents are generally directed to window based polling and timing as well as security keys in a wireless communication system. The complaint seeks an injunction and monetary damages. The claim construction hearing is scheduled for November 10, 2011, and trial is scheduled to begin June 4, 2012. Subsequently, the case was transferred from the Eastern District of Texas to the Northern District of Texas (Dallas Division). The Dallas Court issued a scheduling order stating that it does not intend to hold a Markham hearing and set a trial date in March 2013. Proceedings are ongoing.On October 28, 2010, Alfred Levine amended his complaint to add the Company to a suit filed in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas (Marshall Division). Fourteen other defendants are named in the suit. The complaint alleged infringement of U.S. Patents Nos. 6,243,030 and 6,140,943. The patents are generally directed to wireless navigation systems. The complaint sought an injunction and monetary damages. The Company and Alfred Levine settled on June 13, 2011 for an amount immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements.On March 11, 2011, OGMA, LLC (“OGMA”) filed a lawsuit against the Company as well as 13 other defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas (Marshall Division). The complaint asserted infringement of U.S. Patent No 6,150,947 generally directed to programmable motion-sensitive sound effect devices. The complaint sought monetary damages and other relief the Court decides is just and appropriate. The Company and OGMA settled on May 6, 2011 for an amount immaterial to the Consolidated Financial Statements.On March 30, 2011, TierraVision, Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company as well as two other defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of California asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. Re 41,983, generally relating to compression method technology. The complaint seeks an injunction and money damages. Proceedings are ongoing.On March 30, 2011, H-W Technology L.C. filed a lawsuit against the Company as well as nineteen other defendants in the Northern District of Texas (Dallas Division) asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,525,955 generally directed relating to technologies involving converging data and voice services. The complaint seeks an injunction and money damages. Proceedings are ongoing.On April 19, 2011, Hybrid Audio LLC filed a lawsuit against the Company as well as seven other defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas (Tyler Division) asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. Re: 40,281 which is generally directed to MPEG-1 Layer III technology. The complaint seeks an injunction and money damages. Proceedings are ongoing.On May 13, 2011, MyPort IP, Inc. filed a lawsuit against the Company as well as six other defendants in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas (Tyler Division) asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. 7,778,440 which is generally directed to forensic communication method. The complaint seeks money damages. Proceedings are ongoing.On June 15, 2011, Dolby International AB filed a lawsuit against the Company in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California asserting infringement of U.S. Patent Nos. 6,978,236; 7,003,451; 7,382,886; 7,469,206; and 7,590,543 which are generally relate to High Efficiency Advanced Audio Coding (HE AAC) technologies. The complaint seeks an injuction and money damages. Proceedings are ongoing.In May 2011, a purported class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. In June 2011, the lawsuit was voluntarily dismissed by the plaintiff and the same law firms named in the initial complaint subsequently filed two other lawsuits in the same court using the same form of complaint but naming different plaintiffs. The lawsuits allege that during the period from December 16, 2010 through April 28, 2011, the Company and certain of its officers made materially false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s financial condition and business prospects, and seek unspecified damages on behalf of an alleged class of purchasers of the Company’s common shares during this period. RIM believes that the allegations are without merit and intends to vigorously defend itself.93048 5/26/2011 5/31/2011Class Action LitigationOn May 27, 2011, the Company became aware that a class action lawsuit had been filed on behalf of all purchasers of the Company’s common stock between the dates of August 11, 2010 and May 11, 2011. The case is pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as case no. 11-CV-3616. The complaint alleges that the Company and certain of its present and former officers, directors, and control persons violated Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.The Company has not yet filed any formal response to the claims. The Company believes the claims are without merit and plans to vigorously defend itself against the claims.84621 5/23/2011 5/27/2011ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGSOn May 23, 2011, a class action complaint was filed against Logitech and certain of its officers. This action was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of individuals who purchased Logitech shares between October 28, 2010 and April 1, 2011. The complaint relates to Logitech’s disclosure on March 31, 2011 that its results for fiscal year 2011 would fall below expectations and seeks unspecified monetary damages and other relief against the defendants. We presently do not believe that the resolution of this legal proceeding will have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.In addition, from time to time, we become involved in claims and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are currently subject to several such claims and a small number of legal proceedings. We presently do not believe that the resolution of these claims and legal proceedings will have a material impact on our results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.85173 1/24/2011 2/10/2011Item 3.	Legal ProceedingsIn October 2009, an Illinois resident, Laurie Piechur, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated, filed a putative class action complaint against our Redbox subsidiary in the Circuit Court for the Twentieth Judicial Circuit, St. Clair County, Illinois. The plaintiff alleges that, among other things, Redbox charges consumers illegal and excessive late fees in violation of the Illinois Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Business Practices Act and other state statutes and is seeking monetary damages and other relief as appropriate. In November 2009, Redbox removed the case to the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois. In February 2010, this court remanded the case to the Circuit Court for the Twentieth Judicial Circuit, St. Clair County, Illinois. In May 2010, the state court denied Redbox’s motion to dismiss the plaintiff’s claims, and also denied the plaintiff’s motion for partial summary judgment. We believe that the claims against us are without merit and intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter. Currently, no accrual had been established as it was not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of loss because this matter had not advanced to a stage where we could make any such estimate.On January 24, 2011, a putative class action complaint was filed in the U.S. District Court for the Western District of Washington against Coinstar and certain of its officers. The complaint asserts claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. Substantially similar complaints were filed in the same court in February 2011. These cases purport to be brought on behalf of a class of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired our stock during the period, depending on the complaint, between as early as October 28, 2010 to as late as February 3, 2011. Plaintiffs allege that the defendants violated the federal securities laws during this period of time by, among other things, issuing false and misleading statements about our current and prospective business and financial results. Plaintiffs claim that, as a result of these alleged wrongs, our stock price was artificially inflated during the purported class period. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified compensatory damages, interest, an award of attorneys’ fees and costs, and injunctive relief. We believe that the claims against us are without merit and we intend to defend ourselves vigorously in this matter. Failure by us to obtain a favorable resolution of the claims set forth in the complaints could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Currently, no accrual had been established as it was not possible to estimate the possible loss or range of loss because this matter had not advanced to a stage where we could make any such estimate.87134 11/10/2005 11/14/2005Item 8.01 Other Events.On November 10, 2005, a lawsuit named Congregation Ezra Sholom vs. Blockbuster Inc.; National Amusements, Inc.; Viacom, Inc.; John F. Antioco; Richard J. Bressler; Jackie M. Clegg; Philippe P. Dauman; Michael D. Fricklas; Linda Griego; Mel Karmazin; John L. Muething; Sumner M. Redstone; and Larry J. Zine was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas. The plaintiff purports to bring the suit as a securities fraud class action lawsuit on behalf of itself and all others who acquired Blockbuster shares pursuant to Viacom’s exchange offer that commenced on September 8, 2004, or on the open market between September 8, 2004, and August 9, 2005, inclusive. The defendants include some of Blockbuster’s current and former officers and directors, who may claim a right to indemnification or be granted indemnification from Blockbuster with respect to the lawsuit. The lawsuit alleges, among other things, that Blockbuster and Viacom knowingly or recklessly made materially false and misleading statements about Blockbuster’s business performance and prospects, including statements relating to Blockbuster’s business initiatives and cash flows, in various SEC filings, registration statements, press releases, and other public statements, thereby violating various provisions of the federal securities laws. The lawsuit seeks unspecified compensatory damages, reasonable costs and expenses, and such other relief as the court deems proper. Blockbuster intends to defend itself vigorously.82606 10/21/2005 11/10/2005Item 1. Legal ProceedingsShareholder Litigation. On October 21, 2005, a putative shareholder class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain of its officers in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California alleging claims under Section 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder. The case is entitled Mataraza v. Pixar, et al., Case No. C-05-4290 JSW. The complaint asserts a class period from January 18, 2005 to June 30, 2005. A similar complaint entitled Grabell v. Pixar, et al., Case No. C-05-4431-MJJ, was filed on November 1, 2005. Consistent with the usual procedures for cases of this kind, it is anticipated that these cases (and any other similar putative shareholder class action suits which might be filed against Pixar) may be consolidated into a single consolidated action. Management believes the lawsuits to be without merit and intends to vigorously defend against the lawsuits.Informal Inquiry by the SEC. The Company has received an informal inquiry from the SEC requesting information regarding the disclosure of our second quarter financial results. We are cooperating fully with the inquiry. Other Matters. Pixar is regularly subject to certain legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Many of these have not yet been fully adjudicated. In the opinion of management, Pixar does not have a potential liability related to any such current legal proceedings and claims that would have a material adverse effect on its financial condition, liquidity or results of operations. However, the results of legal proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty. Should Pixar fail to prevail in any of these legal matters or should several of these legal matters be resolved against Pixar in the same reporting period, the operating results of a particular reporting period could be materially adversely affected.90010 10/11/2005 10/11/2005LIPMAN COMMENTS ON FILING OF MOTION FOR CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT IN ISRAELRosh Haayin, Israel, October 11, 2005 - Lipman Electronic Engineering Ltd. (Nasdaq, TASE: LPMA) today announced that it has been named as a defendant in a purported securities lawsuit filed in the Tel Aviv district court. A motion has been filed by the plaintiff in this action seeking the approval of a securities class action lawsuit against the Company and Isaac Angel, the Company's President and CEO. The lawsuit alleges violations of Israeli securities laws due to the Company allegedly withholding material information.The Company believes that the allegations in the complaint are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against them.90010 10/11/2005 10/27/2005LIPMAN RECEIVES NOTIFICATION OF MOTION TO WITHDRAW CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT IN ISRAELRosh Haayin, Israel, October 27, 2005 - Lipman Electronic Engineering Ltd. (Nasdaq, TASE: LPMA) today announced that the plaintiff in the purported securities class action in Israel has filed a motion in the Tel Aviv district court to withdraw the claim without prejudice. The motion to withdraw this lawsuit is subject to court approval. The Company believes that such approval will be granted.87484 8/10/2005 8/15/2005ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGSIn November 2004, Profiles Worldwide, a division of Conren Investors Group, filed a lawsuit against 6FigureJobs.com alleging failure to perform and breach of contract and demands specific performance and damages in the amount of $825,000. The litigation is currently in the discovery phase and a trial date has been scheduled for February 2006. We believe that the lawsuit to be without merit and intend to contest it vigorously.In July 2005, a direct competitor filed a complaint against the Company in U.S. District Court in the District of Massachusetts. The plaintiff asserts that Workstream interfered with the contractual relationship between them and a former member of its executive management team. We are in the process of reviewing this complaint with legal counsel and are of the view that such possible effect cannot be reasonably estimated at this time.On or about August 10, 2005, a class action lawsuit was filed against us, our Chief Executive Officer and our former Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The action, brought on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of our common shares during the period from January 14, 2005 to and including April 14, 2005, alleges, among other things that we provided the market misleading guidance as to our anticipated revenues for the quarter ended February 28, 2005, and failed to correct this guidance on a timely basis. The action claims violations of Section 10(b) of the Securities and Exchange Act and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder, as well as Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act, and seeks compensatory damages in an unspecified amount as well as the award of reasonable costs and expenses, including counsel and expert fees and costs. We are in the process of reviewing the complaint and, following consultation with our legal counsel, we will respond accordingly.We are currently involved in lawsuits with three ex-employees who joined the Company subsequent to two of our acquisitions and left shortly thereafter. These individuals claim that they are entitled to severance benefits under the terms of their employment agreements with the acquired entities. In total, these three individuals seek approximately $287,000 in severance.We are subject to other legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of our business. We do not believe that the resolution of such actions will materially affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.40416 7/29/2005 8/2/2005Item 8.01 Other EventsOn July 29, 2005 a class action complaint for alleged violations of the federal securities laws was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Docket Number 05 cv 6803), naming the Company, an officer and an officer/director. The action, entitled Nilesh Patel v. Avon Products, Inc. et al., was brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between April 8, 2005 and July 18, 2005 and seeks damages for alleged false and misleading statements based on the failure to disclose (i) “that the Company was experiencing increasing resistance to its expansion efforts in China because local businesses were dissatisfied with the Company’s plans to direct sell in that market”; (ii) “that the Company’s revenue growth in its Central and Eastern Europe markets was dramatically slowing from internally forecasted levels such that the Company would be unable to reach its stated earnings projections”; (iii) “that the Company’s expansion efforts in Russia were being delayed due to a variety of factors”; and (iv) “as a result of the forgoing, Defendants lacked a reasonable basis for their earnings projections and positive statements about the Company.” Additional similar complaints may be filed in the future. The Company does not intend to announce the filing of any similar complaints.40416 7/29/2005 8/19/2005Item 8.01 Other EventsOn August 17, 2005 a shareholder derivative complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Docket Number 05 cv 7287) naming officers and directors of the Company. The action, entitled Robert L. Garber, derivatively on behalf of Avon Products, Inc., v. Andrea Jung et al. as defendants, and Avon Products, Inc. as nominal defendant, was purportedly brought on behalf of the Company and alleges that defendants’ violations of state law, including breaches of fiduciary duties, abuse of control, gross mismanagement, waste of corporate assets and unjust enrichment between April 2005 and the present, have caused losses to the Company.On August 2, 2005 the Company reported the filing of a class action complaint for alleged violations of the federal securities laws, brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock between April 8, 2005 and July 18, 2005. In that report the Company indicated that additional similar complaints may be filed in the future and that the Company did not intend to announce the filing of any similar complaints. One such complaint was filed on August 5, 2005 in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (Docket Number 05 cv 7015). That action, entitled Michael Cascio v. Avon Products, Inc. et al., was brought on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s securities between February 1, 2005 and July 18, 2005. The complaint also asserts that during the class period insiders sold shares of the Company’s common stock.The Company is not undertaking to announce the filing of any similar complaints in the future.12490 7/8/2005 7/26/2005The company is involved in a variety of claims, suits, investigations and proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of its business, including actions with respect to contracts, intellectual property (IP), product liability, employment, benefits, securities, and environmental matters. The following is a discussion of some of the more significant legal matters involving the company. On July 31, 2003, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, in Cooper et al. vs. The IBM Personal Pension Plan and IBM Corporation, held that the company ‘s pension plan violated the age discrimination provisions of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA). On September 29, 2004, the company announced that IBM and plaintiffs agreed in principle to resolve certain claims in the litigation. Under the terms of the agreement, plaintiffs will receive an incremental pension benefit in exchange for the settlement of some claims, and a stipulated remedy on remaining claims if plaintiffs prevail on appeal. Under the terms of the settlement, the judge will issue no further rulings on remedies. This settlement, together with a previous settlement of a claim referred to as the partial plan termination claim resulted in the company taking a one-time charge of $320 million in the third quarter of 2004.This agreement ends the litigation on all claims except the two claims associated with IBM’s cash balance formula. The company will appeal the rulings on these claims. The company continues to believe that its pension plan formulas are fair and legal. The company has reached this agreement in the interest of the business and the company shareholders, and to allow for a review of its cash balance formula by the Court of Appeals. The company continues to believe it is likely to be successful on appeal.The agreement stipulates that if the company is not successful on appeal of the two remaining claims, the agreed remedy will be increased by up to $1.4 billion — $780 million for the claim that the company’s cash balance formula is age discriminatory, and $620 million for the claim that the method used to establish opening account balances during the 1999 conversion discriminated on the basis of age (referred to as the “always cash balance” claim). The maximum additional liability the company could face in this case if it is not successful on appeal is therefore capped at $1.4 billion.On May 19, 2005, the District Court gave its preliminary approval of the settlement, and formal notices were sent to class members.  A fairness hearing is currently scheduled for August 2005, at which time the court will entertain any objections to the settlement from class members.  Upon approval of the settlement, IBM will appeal the liability rulings for the cash balance claims.  As a result, the company estimates that the entire process could take up to another 12-18 months from the date of this report before reaching final conclusion.The company is a defendant in an action filed on March 6, 2003 in state court in Salt Lake City, Utah by The SCO Group. The company removed the case to Federal Court in Utah. Plaintiff is successor in interest to some of AT&T’s Unix IP rights, and alleges copyright infringement, unfair competition, interference with contract and breach of contract with regard to the company’s distribution of AIX and contribution of unspecified code to Linux. The company has asserted counterclaims, including breach of contract, violation of the Lanham Act, unfair competition, intentional torts, unfair and deceptive trade practices, breach of the General Public License that governs open source distributions, patent infringement, promissory estoppel and copyright infringement. Trial is now scheduled for February 2007.In May 2005, the Louisiana Supreme Court denied the company’s motion to review and reverse a Louisiana state court’s certification of a nationwide class in a case filed against the company in 1995.  The class consists of certain former employees who left the company in 1992, and their spouses.  They claim damages based on the company’s termination of an education assistance program.  The company has a pending summary judgment motion in the trial court.  No date has been set for trial.On June 30, 2005, the company and Microsoft Corp. reached an agreement to resolve certain antitrust claims.  The company also agreed, subject to certain limitations, that it will not assert antitrust claims for damages related to its server hardware and server software businesses for two years and, in any case, will not seek to recover damages on such claims incurred prior to June 30, 2002.  Microsoft also released antitrust claims.  Under the agreement, Microsoft will pay the company $775 million and extend $75 million in credit towards future purchases for internal deployment of Microsoft software at the company.  The $775 million is reflected in the company’s results for the second quarter.On June 2, 2003 the company announced that it received notice of a formal, nonpublic investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC is seeking information relating to revenue recognition in 2000 and 2001 primarily concerning certain types of client transactions. The company believes that the investigation arises from a separate investigation by the SEC of Dollar General Corporation, a client of the company’s Retail Stores Solutions unit, which markets and sells point of sale products.On January 8, 2004, the company announced that it received a “Wells Notice” from the staff of the SEC in connection with the staff’s investigation of Dollar General Corporation, which as noted above, is a client of the company’s Retail Stores Solutions unit. It is the company’s understanding that an employee in the company’s Sales & Distribution unit also received a Wells Notice from the SEC in connection with this matter. The Wells Notice notifies the company that the SEC staff is considering recommending that the SEC bring a civil action against the company for possible violations of the U.S. securities laws relating to Dollar General’s accounting for a specific transaction, by participating in and aiding and abetting Dollar General’s misstatement of its 2000 results. In that transaction, the company paid Dollar General $11 million for certain used equipment as part of a sale of IBM replacement equipment in Dollar General’s 2000 fourth fiscal quarter. Under the SEC’s procedures, the company responded to the SEC staff regarding whether any action should be brought against the company by the SEC. The separate SEC investigation noted above, relating to the recognition of revenue by the company in 2000 and 2001 primarily concerning certain types of client transactions, is not the subject of this Wells Notice. On June 27, 2005, the company announced that it had received a request to voluntarily comply with an informal investigation by the staff of the SEC concerning the company’s disclosures relating to the company’s first quarter 2005 earnings and expensing of equity compensation.  The SEC has informed the company that the informal investigation is not an indication that any violations of law have occurred. On July 8, 2005, a lawsuit was filed against the company and its Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, purportedly on behalf of persons who purchased or otherwise acquired publicly traded securities of the company between April 5, 2005 and April 15, 2005.  The complaint alleges that defendants made certain misrepresentations during this period, violating Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Rule 10b-5 promulgated thereunder.  Neither the company nor the Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer has been served with a copy of the complaint at this time.In January 2004, the Seoul District Prosecutors Office in South Korea announced it had brought criminal bid rigging charges against several companies, including IBM Korea and LG IBM (a joint venture between IBM Korea and LG Electronics) and had also charged employees of some of those entities with, among other things, bribery of certain officials of government-controlled entities in Korea, and bid rigging. IBM Korea and LG IBM cooperated fully with authorities in these matters. A number of individuals, including former IBM Korea and LG IBM employees, were subsequently found guilty and sentenced. IBM Korea and LG IBM were also required to pay fines. IBM Korea has been debarred from doing business directly with certain government controlled entities in Korea. The orders, imposed at different times, cover a period of no more than a year from the date of issuance. The orders do not prohibit IBM Korea from selling products and services to business partners who sell to government controlled entities in Korea. In addition, the U.S. Department of Justice and the SEC have both contacted the company in connection with this matter.The company is party to, or otherwise involved in, proceedings brought by U.S. federal or state environmental agencies under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act (“CERCLA”), known as “Superfund,” or laws similar to CERCLA. Such statutes require potentially responsible parties to participate in remediation activities regardless of fault or ownership of sites. The company is also conducting environmental investigations or remediations at or in the vicinity of several current or former operating sites pursuant to permits, administrative orders or agreements with state environmental agencies, and is involved in lawsuits and claims concerning certain current or former operating sites.In accordance with SFAS No. 5, “Accounting for Contingencies,” the company records a provision with respect to a claim, suit, investigation or proceeding when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Any provisions are reviewed at least quarterly and are adjusted to reflect the impact and status of settlements, rulings, advice of counsel and other information pertinent to a particular matter. Any recorded liabilities for the above items, including any changes to such liabilities for the three months ended June 30, 2005, were not material to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Based on its experience, the company believes that the damage amounts claimed in the matters referred to above are not a meaningful indicator of the potential liability. Litigation is inherently uncertain and it is not possible to predict the ultimate outcome of the matters previously discussed. While the company will continue to defend itself vigorously in all such matters, it is possible that the company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows could be affected in any particular period by the resolution of one or more of these matters. Whether any losses, damages or remedies finally determined in any such claim, suit, investigation or proceeding could reasonably have a material effect on the company’s business, financial condition, results of operations, or cash flow will depend on a number of variables, including the timing and amount of such losses or damages, the structure and type of any such remedies, the significance of the impact any such losses, damages or remedies may have on the company’s Consolidated Financial Statements, and the unique facts and circumstances of the particular matter which may give rise to additional factors.86959 6/14/2005 6/15/2005Item 7.01 Regulation FD DisclosureOn June 14, 2005, the law firm of Milberg Weiss Bershad & Schulman LLP announced by press release  hat it had filed a class action lawsuit on June 14, 2005, on behalf of purchasers of the securities of Ditech Communications Corporation between August 25, 2004 and May 26, 2005, inclusive, alleging that Ditech Communications and its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer engaged in violations of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and seeking to pursue remedies under the Exchange Act.  According to the press release, the action, case number C05-02406-JSW, is pending in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against defendants Ditech Communications, Timothy K. Montgomery, Ditech Communications’ Chief Executive Officer, President and Chairman, and William J. Tamblyn, Ditech Communications’ Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Ditech Communications, Mr. Montgomery and Mr. Tamblyn intend to take all appropriate actions to defend the suit. It is possible that additional similar complaints may be filed in the future.  If this does occur, Ditech Communications expects that all similar complaints will eventually be consolidated into a single action.  Ditech Communications does not intend to announce the filing of any similar complaints unless they contain allegations that are substantially distinct from those made in the pending action.86959 6/14/2005 7/14/2005Item 3—Legal ProceedingsOn June 14, 2005, a lawsuit entitled Richard E. Jaffe v. Ditech Communications Corp., Timothy K. Montgomery and William J. Tamblyn, Case No. C 05 02406 was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who purchased Ditech’s stock between August 25, 2004 and May 26, 2005. The complaint alleges claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against Ditech and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. We expect that several similar lawsuits will subsequently be filed in the same court, and that all of the cases will be consolidated into a single action. This matter is at an early stage; no lead plaintiff has been selected, no response to the complaint has been filed, no discovery has taken place and no trial date has been set. Ditech and the individual defendants intend to take all appropriate actions to defend the suit.On June 20, 2005, a shareholder’s derivative complaint, entitled Kerlin v. Montgomery, et al., Case No 105CV043429, was filed in the California Superior Court for the County of Santa Clara. The complaint is purportedly brought derivatively by a shareholder on behalf of Ditech against several executives of Ditech and all members of its board of directors, and names Ditech as a nominal defendant. Plaintiff alleges that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties to Ditech in connection with alleged misrepresentations concerning VQA orders and the potential effect on Ditech of the merger between Sprint and Nextel, that certain of the defendants improperly sold Ditech stock while in possession of material nonpublic information, and that the defendants are liable to Ditech for damages as a result thereof. The defendants intend to take all appropriate action in connection with the defense of the litigation.WE CURRENTLY ARE, AND IN THE FUTURE MAY BE, SUBJECT TO SECURITIES CLASS ACTION LAWSUITS DUE TO DECREASES IN OUR STOCK PRICE.We are at risk of being subject to securities class action lawsuits if our stock price declines substantially. Securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities. For example, in May 2005, we announced that we expected our first quarter fiscal 2006 revenue to be approximately one half of our last quarter fiscal 2005 revenue, and our stock price declined dramatically. On June 14, 2005, a lawsuit entitled Richard E. Jaffe v. Ditech Communications Corp., Timothy K. Montgomery and William J. Tamblyn, Case No. C 05 02406 was filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California, purportedly on behalf of a class of investors who purchased Ditech’s stock between August 25, 2004 and May 26, 2005. The complaint alleges claims under Sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 against the Ditech and our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. We expect that several similar lawsuits will subsequently be filed in the same court, and that all of the cases will be consolidated into a single action. In addition, a shareholder’s derivative suit has been filed against our directors and the same two executive officers, and has named Ditech nominally as a defendant, making similar allegations. We cannot predict the outcome of the lawsuits. If our stock price declines substantially in the future, we may be the target of similar litigation. The current, and any future, securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management’s attention and resources, and could seriously harm our business.84072 6/13/2005 6/24/2005CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT DRDGOLD today announced that a class action lawsuit was commenced against the company, its Chief Executive Officer, Mark Wellesley-Wood, and Chief Financial Officer, Ian Louis Murray. The lawsuit was filed on 13 June 2005 and is pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York on behalf of a putative class of purchasers of DRDGOLD Limited securities. The lawsuit alleges that the company made certain false and misleading statements between 23 October 2003 and 24 February 2005 in violation of provisions of the United States securities laws. Two similar suits have also reportedly been filed. DRDGOLD and its officers have not been served with legal process for the lawsuits but expect to be served in the future. The company is in the process of selecting and engaging legal counsel to defend against the suits. DRDGOLD, Mr. Wellesley-Wood and Mr. Murray deny the claims that have reportedly been made in the lawsuits, believe the suits to be entirely without merit and intend vigorously to defend against the allegations of the lawsuits. DRDGOLD anticipates that the three class action lawsuits, and any other similar lawsuits, will be consolidated and proceed as a single litigation. Accordingly, DRDGOLD does not intend separately to announce the filing of any other such lawsuits.63686 6/2/2005 6/9/2005ITEM. 1    LEGAL PROCEEDINGSThe Company is aware of a shareholder  lawsuit filed June 3, 2005 in the federal courts of the State of Minnesota  alleging that Possis  Medical,  Inc. and named individual  officers violated federal  securities laws during a period beginning in 2002. The Complaint  seeks class action status and  unspecified  damages.  At this time the Company has not been served with a copy of the complaint.  Possis Medical  believes  that the  allegations  of the lawsuit  are without  merit and intends to contest the lawsuit vigorously.We do not believe that the amount of any  potential  liability  associated  with these matters can be estimated at this time,  but an  unfavorable  resolution of these  matters  is  possible  and could have a  material  adverse  effect on our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows.70033 5/18/2005 5/20/2005Harley-Davidson Reports Lawsuit Filings2005-05-20 22:32:00 UTCMILWAUKEE, May 20 /PRNewswire-FirstCall/ -- Harley-Davidson, Inc. (NYSE: HDI) today reported that it is aware that lawsuits that purport to be class actions have been filed in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Wisconsin against the Company and certain of its officers. The Company became aware of these actions through law firm web postings. The complaints allege securities law violations on the part of the defendants. The Company believes the allegations in the lawsuits are without merit and it intends to vigorously defend against these actions.88587 4/29/2005 5/10/2005Legal ProceedingsFrom time to time, the Company is involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Other than as described below, the Company believes there is no litigation pending against the Company that could have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.Year 2000 ActionsOn September 30, 2000, Lucent contributed its enterprise networking business to us and distributed all of the outstanding shares of our capital stock to its shareowners. We refer to these transactions in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as the “distribution.”Three separate purported class action lawsuits are pending against Lucent, Avaya’s former parent, one in state court in West Virginia, one in federal court in the Southern District of New York and another in federal court in the Southern District of California. The case in New York was filed in January 1999 and, after being dismissed, was refiled in September 2000. The case in West Virginia was filed in April 1999 and the case in California was filed in June 1999, and amended in 2000 to include Avaya as a defendant. The Company has assumed Lucent’s obligations for all of these cases under the Contribution and Distribution Agreement between us and Lucent, which sets forth the agreements between us and Lucent with respect to the principal corporate transactions required to effect the distribution (the “Contribution and Distribution Agreement”). All three actions are based upon claims that Lucent sold products that were not Year 2000 compliant, meaning that the products were designed and developed without considering the possible impact of the change in the calendar from December 31, 1999 to January 1, 2000. The complaints allege that the sale of these products violated statutory consumer protection laws and constituted breaches of implied warranties.A class was certified in the West Virginia state court matter. The certified class in the West Virginia matter includes those persons or entities that purchased, leased or financed the products in question. In addition, the court also certified as a subclass all class members who had service protection plans or other service or extended warranty contracts with Lucent in effect as of April 1, 1998, as to which Lucent failed to offer a free Year 2000-compliant solution. The federal court in the New York action has issued a decision and order denying class certification, dismissing all but certain fraud claims by one representative plaintiff. No class claims remain in this case at this time. The federal court in the California action also issued an opinion and order granting class certification. The class includes any entities that purchased or leased certain products on or after January 1, 1990, excluding those entities who did not have a New Jersey choice of law provision in their contracts and those who did not purchase equipment directly from defendants. The federal court in the California action issued an order staying the action pending the outcome of the West Virginia matter.In May 2004, the Company entered into a settlement agreement with the plaintiffs in all of the above-described actions. Under the general terms of the agreement, eligible class members who acquired certain products between 1990 and 1999 may receive credits up to $110 million or a cash alternative. The credits are valid for a three-year period and can be applied toward a 45 percent discount on purchases of new Avaya products and/or a 30 percent discount on Avaya maintenance services. Alternatively, eligible class members may receive a one-time cash payment equal to 25 percent of the credits to which they may be entitled. The state court in West Virginia approved the settlement in July 2004 and issued an order of final approval of the settlement. The claims process commenced in August 2004 and the time period for filing claims expired in October 2004. The Company is now in the process of analyzing the claims to determine the credits and/or payments for which class members may be eligible.Pursuant to the terms of the Contribution and Distribution Agreement, Lucent is responsible for 50% of the costs related to these matters in excess of $50 million, including attorneys’ fees. The Company has notified Lucent that costs incurred in these matters, including costs expended since these matters commenced in 1999, have exceeded the $50 million threshold. Accordingly, Lucent will be responsible for a portion of the cost of the settlement. Based on existing reserves for these matters, the Company does not believe the settlement will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows.Commissions Arbitration DemandIn July 2002, Communications Development Corporation, or CDC, a British Virgin Islands corporation, made formal demand for arbitration for alleged unpaid commissions in an amount in excess of $10 million, stemming from the sale of products from Avaya’s businesses that were formerly owned by Lucent involving the Ministry of Russian Railways. In April 2003, CDC initiated the arbitration before the American Arbitration Association. The plaintiff alleges that as a result of agreements entered into between the plaintiff and Avaya, it is owed commissions on sales by Avaya to the Ministry of Russian Railways on a continuing basis. The Company believes that the agreements relating to the plaintiff’s claim have expired or do not apply to the products in question. As the sales of products continue, CDC may likely increase its commission demand. The parties have selected arbitrators in this matter. A hearing date has not yet been set.Variable Workforce GrievancesThe Communications Workers of America and the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers, unions representing the Company’s technicians, have filed grievances regarding an interpretation of the variable workforce agreements (“Agreements”) entered into between the Company and the unions in June 2003. The unions allege that Avaya has violated the Agreements by activating some, but not all, variable workforce employees (approximately 850 in total) for duty from August 2003, and not paying such employees for the minimum amount of weeks to which they claim entitlement under their interpretation of the Agreements. After commencement of the arbitration proceeding the parties reached an agreement in January 2005 to resolve this dispute as well as others relating to interpretation of the Agreements on terms which are not material to Avaya’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. The Agreements expired by their terms in December 1, 2004 and the Company no longer has a variable workforce.Securities LitigationIn April and May of 2005, purported class action lawsuits were filed in the Federal District Court for the District of New Jersey against us and certain of our officers, alleging violations of the federal securities laws. The actions purport to be filed on behalf of purchasers of our common stock during the period from October 5, 2004 (the date of our signing of the agreement to acquire Tenovis) through April 19, 2005.The complaints, which are substantially similar to one another, allege, among other things, that the plaintiffs were injured by reason of certain allegedly false and misleading statements made by us relating to the cost of the Tenovis integration, the disruption caused by changes in the delivery of our products to the market and reductions in the demand for our products in the U.S., and that based on the foregoing we had no basis to project our stated revenue goals for fiscal 2005. The Company has been served with one of these complaints. Noclass has been certified in the actions. The complaints seek compensatory damages plus interest and attorneys’ fees.These matters are still in the early stages of litigation and an outcome cannot be predicted and, as a result, we cannot be assured that these cases will not have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.Government SubpoenasOn April 29, 2005, the Company received a subpoena to produce documents before a grand jury of the United States District Court, District of South Carolina, relating to the United States’ investigation of potential antitrust and other violations in connection with the federal E-Rate Program. The subpoena requests records from the period January 1, 1997 to the present. At this time, we cannot determine if this matter will have an effect on our business or, if it does, whether its outcome will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.On May 3, 2005, the Company received a subpoena from the Office of Inspector General, U.S. General Services Administration, relating to a federal investigation of billing by the Company for telecommunications equipment and maintenance services. The subpoena requests records from the period January 1, 1990 to the present. At this time, we cannot determine if this matter will have an effect on our business or, if it does, whether its outcome will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.11278 4/18/2005 5/3/2005ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGSThe Company aggressively pursues claims against companies with products that infringe its intellectual property. In addition, from time to time, the Company is involved in various disputes and legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of business. These include disputes and lawsuits related to intellectual property, product liability and employee relations matters. The Company does not believe that the resolution of these matters will have a material adverse effect on the Company’s financial position or results of operations.On and after April 18, 2005 a number of purported stockholder class action lawsuits have been commenced in the U86135nited States District Court for the Northern District of California on behalf of purchasers of the Company’s common stock during the period of February 5, 2004 and August 4, 2004 (the “Class Period”). The complaints allege that during the Class Period, the Company and certain of its officers and employee-directors made false and misleading statements regarding the Company’s business and business prospects. The Company believes these lawsuits are without merit and intends to defend itself vigorously. The Company does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these lawsuits will have a material adverse effect on the financial position of the Company, although an adverse effect on one or more of these lawsuits could have a material impact on the results of operations for any one period. Further, litigation can consume substantial management resources and no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our financial position.86135 4/7/2005 5/5/2005Legal ProceedingsWe are involved in litigation arising in the normal course of business, involving primarily product liability claims, environmental claims, claims by the buyers of businesses previously sold by us and civil liability compensation claims related to chemical products sold in the marketplace. We believe that we are not subject to any material proceedings other than those disclosed below and in Notes 25 and 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.Certain US subsidiaries of Rhodia have potential liabilities under federal Superfund legislation and environmental regulations at the state or federal level. Given the nature of the proceedings, the number of plaintiffs, the volume of waste at issue and the provisions that have already been made for these cases, we estimate that these claims will not result in significant costs for us and will not give rise to significant additional provisions. See “Item 3. Key Information—Risk Factors.”We also believe that there is no litigation or exceptional issues that, taken individually or as a whole, could have a material negative impact on our business, financial condition or results of operations, other than those detailed below.AMF administrative proceedingsOn October 6, 2003, we were informed that the General Director of the French Commission des Opérations de Bourse, and subsequently the General Secretary of the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (“AMF”), had initiated an inquiry into our financial reporting. On March 29, 2005, the AMF notified us of the findings by the specialized commission of the AMF of three alleged rule infringements:Valuation of ChiRex in 2003: The AMF alleged that we did not disclose “in a sufficiently precise and sincere manner” the evolution of our ChiRex subsidiary’s turnover and outlook during 2003, making it difficult for the market to evaluate the risk of value loss and the consequences on our financial situation. The AMF alleged that the information available to us should have resulted in a writedown of goodwill related to ChiRex as early as the first half of 2003, whereas the writedown was only recorded in the 2003 year-end financial statements.Valuation of deferred tax assets: The AMF alleged that the deterioration of our business should have led to a charge in the 2002 year-end financial statements and “a fortiori in those of June 30, 2003”, relating to a decline in value of deferred tax assets (which represent savings resulting from future taxes that we could benefit from upon generating positive net income), whereas this charge was not recorded until the 2003 year-end financial statements.Financial disclosures regarding debt, liquidity and environmental risks: During the period covered by the investigation until the presentation of earnings for the 2003 fiscal year, the AMF alleges that we did not communicate “correctly and regularly” on all the components of our debt, particularly significant off-balance sheets items, on the level of our liquidity and on coverage of our environmental risks.The notice of findings of alleged rule infringements commences a proceeding during which we will present arguments in our defense to the AMF. At the end of this period of several months, the Commission des Sanctions of the AMF will decide to impose, or not, penalties against the company on the grounds of the alleged rule infringements. We believe that we have strong arguments in defense of the AMF allegations. Under applicable French law, the maximum fine that could be imposed in the event that penalties were to be assessed against us in this proceeding would be €1.5 million.The allegations relating to our financial statements address the question of timing of charges and writedowns which were fully reflected in our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2003. Under French GAAP, prior periods are not permitted to be retroactively restated and we therefore do not expect that an adverse outcome relating to either alleged rule infringement would impact our financial statements prepared in accordance with French GAAP. Because the charges and writedowns were fully recorded prior to the establishment of our opening IFRS balance sheet, we also do not expect that an adverse outcome would impact our financial statements prepared in accordance with IFRS. An adverse outcome relating to the valuation of deferred tax assets could require us to restate our primary consolidated financial statements presented in this Annual Report on Form 20-F as well as the US GAAP reconciliation for the years ended December 31, 2002 and 2003 in order to record the charge relating to deferred tax assets in 2002, rather than 2003.The AMF also stated in its notice: “The fourth series of findings in the report deals with the terms of the acquisition by Rhodia of the company Albright & Wilson. It did not lead the specialized commission to formulate any allegation. It is believed that, in effect, the accounting methods rendered necessary by the adopted complex legal arrangement did not, taking into account the important disclosures released by the company, alter the market perception and in any case the facts examined in the report were covered by the three-year statute of limitations”.Shareholders’ litigationWe are directly or indirectly involved in the following proceedings initiated by shareholders:In January 2004, certain shareholders initiated two proceedings before the Paris commercial court based on various contentions concerning Rhodia’s acquisition of Albright & Wilson, mainly alleging inaccuracy of certain information made public at the time of the acquisition but also claiming dereliction by management.In the first commercial proceeding, the plaintiffs are suing certain members of Rhodia’s Board of Directors, its auditors at the time, and Aventis (since merged into Sanofi-Aventis), and were originally claiming damages of approximately €70 million as compensation for their alleged personal losses. On April 12, 2005, they modified their claims to take into account the arguments developed in the above mentioned AMF notice, increased the amount of their alleged damages to €131.8 million and have requested subsidiarily that the court hold Rhodia liable in the event that the aforementioned defendants were not held personally liable for the alleged wrongdoings.In the second commercial proceeding, the plaintiffs are suing certain members of Rhodia’s Board of Directors at the time and Aventis and demanding that the defendants be ordered to pay Rhodia €925 million under the individually brought (“ut singuli”) action as compensation for the alleged harm Rhodia suffered, as well as compensation for the alleged personal losses (which they estimated at €40 million). In June 2004, the plaintiffs in this second proceeding modified their complaint, maintaining the ut singuli claim but dropping their claims for personal losses.A few weeks later, the aforementioned shareholder plaintiffs of the second commercial proceeding, together with a new plaintiff, filed a lawsuit before the Supreme Court of the State of New York, based on similar alleged losses for approximately €60 million. On August 12, 2004, Rhodia was officially notified that it had been named as a defendant in the New York proceeding alongside the defendants in the second proceeding in France, that is, certain members of its Board of Directors and Aventis. On December 23, 2004, Rhodia received notice of an amended petition adding allegations relating to under provisioning of pension obligations and environmental liabilities. In January 2005, Rhodia and other defendants filed a motion to dismiss on the grounds that the Supreme Court of theState of New York was not the appropriate forum (forum non conveniens). On April 19, 2005, the Supreme Court of the State of New York granted the motion to dismiss. The plaintiffs appealed this decision on May 3, 2005.On March 19, 2005, one of the minority shareholders in the cases mentioned above brought suit (in an ut singuli proceeding) against the Chairman of our board of directors and our Chief Executive Officer. Alleging personal management fault. This new proceeding seeks to have them ordered to repay Rhodia the amounts paid to Mr. Jean-Pierre Tirouflet on the occasion of his departure in October 2003 (severance payment of €2.1 million and, if applicable, payments made under a supplementary retirement plan). The defendants are contesting the merits of this claim. For information, Mr. Tirouflet’s employment contract was modified pursuant to the approval of our Board of Directors on July 25, 2001 and then ratified at the Shareholders’ General Meeting on May 21, 2002. In accordance with the employment contract, a severance payment of €2.1 million was paid to Mr. Tirouflet on March 1, 2004. Pursuant to the employment contract, we will be obligated to pay Mr. Tirouflet an annuity following his retirement. No payments have yet been made to him in respect to the company’s supplementary retirement plan. Based on an actuarial estimate, which takes into account Mr. Tirouflet’s seniority, the estimated present value of the annuity payments as of December 31, 2004, amounted to approximately €5.3 million.In April 2005 we became aware through media reports that several law firms were taking steps to have a class action filed and certified against us and certain of our current and former officers in the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey on behalf of purchasers of our securities between April 26, 2001 and March 23, 2004, inclusive. Neither Rhodia nor any of its current officers has been served with any complaint at this point. As it can be expected under U.S. procedural rules, these different putative class action suits should, if filed and certified against us, be consolidated and result into one complaint.·We are aware of the following criminal complaints “against an unspecified defendant” (plainte contre X) and proceedings that have been filed with various French courts by certain shareholders. Neither Rhodia nor any of its current officers have been contacted regarding these complaints.On October 3, 2003, a French newspaper reported that a criminal complaint had been filed in May 2003 with a court in Nanterre, France. According to the article, the complaint alleges various financial and accounting improprieties relating to us, including misleading financial disclosure, insider trading and abuse of corporate assets. The article states that the complaint relates to the structuring of our acquisition of Albright & Wilson, which took place in March 2000. The AMF notice described above under “¾AMF administrative proceeding” included an attached report that indicated that this same shareholder had filed another criminal complaint in June 2004, alleging that our financial disclosure in 2001 and 2002 relating to the valuation of Albright & Wilson, ChiRex and deferred tax assets was misleading.On March 25, 2005, a French newspaper reported that another shareholder had filed a criminal complaint alleging abuse of corporate assets at the time of the creation of Rhodia. A French association of minority shareholders claims to have joined these proceedings as a civil party. This article also stated that a judicial investigation had commenced at the request of the public prosecutor in October 2004.Other litigationWe are involved in proceedings in India brought by the Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”), which is seeking to require us to launch a public tender for 20% of the shares of Albright & Wilson Chemicals India Limited (“AWCIL”), a listed subsidiary of the group formerly known as Albright & Wilson, which we acquired in 2000. AWCIL is a listed Indian subsidiary of which we now own 72.79%. We would be required to acquire shares at a price of 278 rupees per share, based on the value of those shares at the time of our acquisition of Albright & Wilson, and increased by interest accrued since 2000. An adverse decision by the SEBI would result in an increase in our holding of AWCIL from 72.79% to 92.79%. We would then be required, as a result of crossing the 90% threshold, to launch a mandatory public tender offer (or “squeeze out”) for the remaining 7.21% of the outstanding shares for the same price. In this case, we would therefore acquire all shares that we currently do not own (27.21%) for a total of approximately €7.2 million. We are contesting the SEBI’s proceeding on the merits. A final decision by the High Court of Mumbai, which is hearing the case on our appeal following an initial unfavorable judgment, is expected to occur during the first half of 2005.Following a fire at its Roches de Condrieu facility in 2003, Rhodia Eco Services Sulfurique was forced to declare force majeure in a contract with Adisséo for the supply of hydrogen sulphur. As a result, Adisséo initially asserted a claim of damages in the amount of €380,000 as a contractual penalty for the supply failure. In addition, Adisséo is seeking to enforce a contractual call option for the transfer of Rhodia Eco Services Sulfurique’s hydrogen sulphur business unit, including its activity and equipment, to Adisséo for one euro. This matter is currently in arbitration proceedings before the Association Française d’Arbitrage (“A.F.A.”). In proceedings during the fourth quarter of 2004, the plaintiff claimed additional damages, which we believe are without foundation. On November 21, 2004, we received an additional claim from Adisséo for monetary damages for losses sustained by Adisséo as a result of the fire, including lost revenues. We are contesting Adisséo’s claims on the merits.On November 8, 2004, we received notification of a claim from Innophos, a portfolio company of Bain Capital, with respect to amounts claimed by the Mexican National Water Commission for water usage at an Innophos plant in Coatzacoalcos, Mexico during the period between 1998 and 2002. The total amount of the claim is 1,506,230,081 Mexican pesos (approximately €100 million) in fees, interest and penalties. We sold the Coatzacoalcos plant to Bain Capital in August 2004 as part of the disposal of our North American specialty phosphates business, which became Innophos, and pursuant to the agreement, gave customary indemnities as to the business sold. In order to protect our interests, we informed Bain Capital that we were assuming direct responsibility, subject to certain limitations and reservation of rights, for defending the claim made by the Mexican National Water Commission. Since then, we have worked closely with Innophos to prepare an answer which has been filed, on behalf of Innophos, on January 17, 2005. We believe that strong defenses exist with respect to the Mexican National Water Commission’s claims and that they should be dismissed and/or substantially reduced. We disagree with Innophos, however, as to the exact nature of our contractual obligations with respect to this claim. Innophos filed a suit against us in that regard before the Supreme Court of the State of New York in December 2004.On January 3, 2005, in connection with the purchase from LaRoche Industries of its Chloralp business, we entered into a definitive settlement agreement with respect to all pending and threatened litigations between the parties.In the United States, on January 14, 2004, one of our subsidiaries, Rhodia Inc., entered into a plea agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice in which it acknowledged the violation of certain provisions of the U.S. Federal Resource Conservation and Recovery Act regarding waste storage at its former phosphorous manufacturing plant in Silver Bow, Montana. Rhodia Inc. also entered into an agreement with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regarding future assessment and remediation of certain contamination at the site. This plea agreement was reviewed at a sentencing proceeding in April 2004. An $18 million fine was paid in 2004 and Rhodia Inc. is subject to a five year probation. In addition, Rhodia Inc. entered into an agreement with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency regarding future assessment and remediation of certain contamination at the site. The precise nature of the remedial action, however, has not yet been determined, and actual costs could exceed amounts recorded as a provision or disclosed as a contingency depending on the method of remediation required, as finally approved by the relevant authorities. As further described below, Rhodia Inc. is currently suing the former owners/operators of the Silver Bow site, in order to recover clean-up costs related to this site.87051 2/22/2005 2/24/2005Item 8.01 Other Events.LitigationOn February 22, 2005, a purported class action complaint was filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey by Dennis Carter on behalf of himself and all other similarly situated investors against Audible, Inc., its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. The complaint alleges violations of sections 10(b) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 10b-5, and alleges that the defendants did not make complete and accurate disclosures concerning the Company's future plans and prospects. The plaintiff seeks unspecified damages on behalf of a purported class of purchasers of Audible's securities during the period from November 2, 2004 through February 15, 2005. It is possible that additional complaints may be filed in the future. Audible expects that all individual lawsuits will be consolidated into a single civil action. Audible believes that the complaint is without merit and intends to defend the litigation vigorously.87487 2/15/2005 2/17/2005Class Action Complaint Filed Against eSpeedNew York, NY - February 17, 2005 - eSpeed, Inc. (Nasdaq: ESPD), a leading developer of electronic marketplaces and trading technology for the global capital markets, today announced the filing of a class action complaint against the Company.On February 15, 2005, Mircuz Partners, LLC filed a purported class action complaint against eSpeed, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and certain affiliated entities, as well as Howard Lutnick and Lee Amaitis, on behalf of all persons who purchased the securities of eSpeed from August 12, 2003, to July 1, 2004, alleging that eSpeed made "material false positive statements during the class period" and violated certain provisions of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and certain rules and regulations thereunder. The Company believes the lawsuit is without merit.87487 2/15/2005 3/16/2005ITEM 3.    LEGAL PROCEEDINGSBy Statement of Claim dated October 8, 2002, Municipal Partners, LLC (MPLLC) commenced an arbitration before the NASD against Cantor Fitzgerald Partners and Howard Lutnick (the Arbitration). Although MPLLC did not name eSpeed as a respondent in the Arbitration, MPLLC seeks, among other things, (i) a declaration that the License and Service Agreement dated January 30, 2002, between MPLLC and eSpeed is null and void and (ii) an order directing eSpeed to reimburse MPLLC for certain costs. Cantor sued to prevent the arbitration and have the dispute resolved in Court. On October 7, 2004, the First Department affirmed the lower court's decision denying Cantor's motion to stay the arbitration.On February 7, 2005, MPLLC was granted permission to amend its claims to seek damages arising from eSpeed's direction to third parties to shut off certain circuits used by MPLLC after notice to MPLLC. Cantor and eSpeed sought to stay arbitration of the amended claims. The trial court denied the stay; an application for an interim panel stay is returnable before the Appellate Division on March 18, 2005. The parties have concluded discovery on the original claims. The hearing on the merits is scheduled to begin March 28, 2005. Cantor and Lutnick have applied to postpone those hearing dates to allow for discovery on the amended claims.By Summons and Complaint dated October 30, 2002, eSpeed commenced an action in New York State Supreme Court against MPLLC seeking, among other things, payment for services rendered pursuant to the License and Service Agreement and payment for eSpeed's share of certain electronic revenues of MPLLC. The parties submitted to non-binding mediation in March 2003. Although the parties engaged in informal negotiations of a resolution to the dispute after the mediation, the parties thereafter resumed the litigation. On April 1, 2004, MPLLC filed an amended Answer and Counterclaim. On May 25, 2004, eSpeed filed its reply to MPLLC's Counterclaim. Since that time, the parties have engaged in some discovery but discovery has now been stayed pending the hearing of the arbitration above. No trial date has yet been scheduled.In June 2003, we filed a patent infringement suit against BrokerTec USA, LLC, BrokerTec Global, LLC, its parent, ICAP, PLC, Garban, LLC, its technology provider, OM Technology, and its parent company, OM AB (collectively, BrokerTec), in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware. The parties thereafter agreed to substitute the defendant OM AB Technology for defendant OM AB and dismiss claims against BrokerTec Global, L.L.C. By Order dated September 13, 2004, ICAP was dismissed as a defendant. The suit centers on BrokerTec's and Garban's alleged infringement of U.S. Patent No. 6,560,580 issued on May 6, 2003, which expires in 2016, with respect to which eSpeed is the exclusive licensee. The patent covers a system and methods for auction-based trading of specialized items such as fixed income instruments.A jury trial began on February 7, 2005. In a pre-trial ruling on February 7, 2005, the U.S. District Court in Delaware ruled that BrokerTec Global did not infringe our 580 Patent. On February 22, 2005, a jury found that Garban GTN and BrokerTec USA did infringe our 580 Patent but that there was a deficiency in the application which led to the 580 Patent, finding that we "failed to provide adequate written description of each and every element recited" in certain claims of the 580 Patent. We are currently awaiting entry of final judgment on the jury findings by the court following expected post-trial motions, as well as a judgment on an inequitable conduct claim against eSpeed. The Court's rulings could lead to a judgment of invalidity on a portion of the claims set forth in the patent and, in the event of an adverse judgment on inequitable conduct, a judgment of unenforceability with respect to some or all claims. We expect to appeal certain rulings to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit. No schedule has yet been set for briefing of post-trial motions or on issues of unenforceability. Both parties requested attorneys' fees from the other party, which may be awarded by the court in exceptional cases.In August 2003, Trading Technologies International, Inc. (TT) commenced an action in the United States District Court, Northern District of Illinois, Eastern Division, against us. In its complaint, TT alleged that we infringed and continue to infringe U.S. Patent No. 6,766,304 which issued on July 20, 2004 and U.S. Patent 6,772,132 which issued on August 3, 2004. TT also filed a motion for preliminary injunction seeking to preclude us from making, selling, and offering to sell a product that allegedly infringes such patents. A hearing on TT's motion for preliminary injunction was held on December 2, 2004. On February 9, 2005, the Court denied TT's motion for a preliminary injunction. The Court determined that we had not raised a substantial question concerning the validity or infringement of the patents but that TT had not proved that it would suffer irreparable harm absent an injunction. On March 9, 2005, we filed a motion for leave to file an amended Answer and Counterclaim to TT's Complaint. The Counterclaim seeks a declaratory judgment seeking a declaration that the patents in suit are invalid, we do not make, use or sell any product that infringes any claims of the patents in suit, and the patents in suit are unenforceable because of inequitable conduct before the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office during the prosecution of the patents. A trial date for this case has not yet been set. If TT ultimately prevails in this litigation, we may be required to pay TT damages and/or certain costs and expenses, and we may be forced to modify or withdraw certain products from the market. Both parties requested attorneys' fees from the other party, which may be awarded by the court in exceptional cases.In the first quarter of 2005, we were named as a defendant in a number of purported class action complaints against eSpeed, Cantor Fitzgerald, L.P. and certain affiliated entities, as well as two of our executive officers, Howard Lutnick and Lee Amaitis, on behalf of all persons who purchased the securities of eSpeed from August 12, 2003, to July 1, 2004, alleging that we made "material false positive statements during the class period" and violated certain provisions of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and certain rules and regulations thereunder. We believe the lawsuit is without merit.88266 2/2/2005 2/3/2005Sierra Wireless Updates Legal Matters2005-02-03 13:32:00 UTCVANCOUVER, British Columbia--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Feb. 3, 2005--Sierra Wireless, Inc. (TSX:SW)(NASDAQ:SWIR) has become aware of certain alleged securities class action lawsuits filed in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York. Sierra Wireless has not yet been served with a copy of the Complaints but based on available information does not believe there is any merit in the allegations and will vigorously defend the lawsuits.90361 1/21/2005 1/24/2005A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT HAS BEEN FILED AGAINST 51JOB, INC.SHANGHAI, JANUARY 24, 2005 - 51JOB, INC. (NASDAQ: JOBS), a leading provider of integrated human resource services in China, wishes to advise investors that it is aware that a class action lawsuit brought on behalf of a putative class of shareholders of 51job, Inc. (the "Company") under U.S. securities lawsapparently has been filed against the Company and the chairman of its board of directors and certain of its officers recently in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York. The Company has not yet been served with the complaints in the action and therefore is unable to comment on the lawsuit at this time.76613 1/12/2005 1/13/2005I/O COMMENTS ON REPORTED CLASS ACTIONHOUSTON, TEXAS – JANUARY 13, 2005 – Input/Output, Inc. (NYSE: IO) today announced that it has learned that a putative class action lawsuit styled Harold Read vs. Input/Output, Inc., et al, was filed against it and three of its senior executives on January 12, 2005, in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Texas, related to securities law disclosures. Based on its initial review of the complaint, I/O believes the lawsuit is without merit and intends to defend itself and its officers vigorously. I/O is the world’s leading, technology-only seismic services provider. The company provides cutting-edge seismic acquisition equipment, software, and planning and seismic processing services to the global oil and gas industry.  The company’s technologies are applied in both land and marine environments, in traditional 2D and 3D surveys, and in rapidly growing areas like time-lapse (4D) reservoir monitoring and full-wave imaging.  I/O has offices in the United States, Canada, Europe, China, Russia and the Middle East.  Additional information is available at http://www.i-o.com. The information included herein contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.  These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the company’s beliefs and intentions regarding the reported class action lawsuit or any other lawsuit filed against it.  All forward-looking statements reflect numerous assumptions and involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These risks and uncertainties include a ruling by a court that is adverse to the company’s position and other uncertainties and matters beyond management’s control inherent in legal proceedings.  Additional risk factors, which could affect actual results, are disclosed by the company from time to time in its filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including its most recently filed Form 10K and Form 10Q.